Oh, Mr. Alford, how your story made me laugh and laugh and laugh. You seem to have channeled my own inner monologue... as a born-and-raised Brooklynite who moved out west when the borough was still best known for its low rents and race riots, my eyes were wide with wonder when I returned two years ago and discovered how hip my home borough had become. I remember the days when I could barely convince my Manhattan-dwelling friends to cross the East River (never mind that they often hailed from some awful place like Oklahoma, or New Jersey), now they're living four subway stops further into "The BK" than I do.  I can practically reach out and rub the Mast Brothers' beards from where i live!When my father married my mother and moved from Williamsburg to Bed-Stuy in the early 1950s, he was considered a social climber by his friends in the old neighborhood.<br/>  Before his death in 2001, I told him that Williamsburg was now the center of Worldwide Hipness, he said, "It was a slum when I left 50 years ago and it will still be a slum 50 years from now."  If he had any idea how truly cool his old home turf had become, he would be spinning in his grave so fast that an attached turbine could produce enough electricity to light up all of Broadway (the one in Williamsburg, under the elevated J train tracks, not the one in The City, which is what we Brooklyn natives call Manhattan).Oh relax everyone, this is under Fashion and Style section. It's funny! I actually LOL-ed at work a couple of times. It's not meant to be taken that seriously. Certainly not with the animus that some posters have exhibited on here. <br/><br/>I mean if you're going to characterize people as "shallow" because of what they wear, well.. you could pretty much say that about all of fashion. And who really becomes the clothes they wear? Most of these "hipsters" will move on with life, evolving like the rest of us. I think the term "trendy" is more accurate here as I've witnessed this lifestyle/fashion in Austin TX, here in San Francisco, and as the article mentions, in Portland. <br/><br/>I actually like all this. It brings a smile to my face. Aspects of it are quite hilarious, but for the most part I like that people can be whoever they want to be. A lumberjack in the city? Check!Funny. I heard the word "ridic" a few nights ago watching "The Lost Weekend". Everything about this article is great. As a long time Manhattan resident, I admit to really enjoying the atmosphere of Williamsburg. It is definitely new and exciting,  and I find the denizens, hipster or not, to be friendly and unpretentious.  <br/><br/>Most of all, I am grateful that someplace has finally come along and made my neighborhood, the East Village, feel like a fuddy duddy, down market backwater. 1800's beards and penny farthings on an IT guy. A vintage storefront charging $ 10.00 for a bar of chocolate. Slumming it in $ 200.00 shirts. Work boots that have never seen a day of work. Trucker caps that never been behind a rig. Plaid flannel for a hard days brunch. White trash themed restaurants with high class prices. Setting up farms in the most expensive real estate in the country. This irony laden fantasy land sounds to me like the great parental swindle.<br/><br/>The difference between storied youth / art movements of yore was that they weren't born from completely from irony. When accused of not being innovative, original or courageous, one can always say "I was being ironic, don't ya get it?". Perhaps, this is why both the art and the cooking in Williamsburg still leaves me hungry.Genius writing. Genius.Has anyone ever walked around the outside perimeter of a Grateful Dead show?<br/>Same sorta thang going on but costs much more today to replicate.<br/>Jerry wannabes.<br/>As usual, everything that's old is new again.<br/>My favorite bit was turning the spare bedroom into an abattoir-hilar!The bike isn't a single speed.Let's get real everyone. If so many of these poser kids, a.k.a "Hipsters", really wished to make significant and substantial contributions to improving society, they would have little interest in the self -serving and narcissistic endeavors this article exposes and spoofs. Unfortunately, I have to work in Williamsburg and see these lost sheep on a daily basis.  They spend a lot of time, money and effort building an image which is just that... If most of these kids could afford carbon road bikes they would be the first ones buying them and singing their praises. If they could shop at Barney's, they would be there regularly. They are just secretly angry and jealous that they got shafted and arrived late to the party that ended in 2001.   Thankfully, I live just far enough away in LIC which has not (yet) been completely overrun by these clowns... It would simply be an overdose otherwise.  Generation Y bother.  In the end, I actually feel sorry for these people in that they have no self identity.  It is a sad statement on how empty these people are to put so much value in such fruitless endeavors.  A true waste of time, talent and ability.  A real pity.  Hopefully the next generation will pick up their slack. Losers. I lived in Brooklyn most of my life and despite the celebrity, the recent hipster insurgency has belittled my hometown. Brooklyn has always been a haven for the misfits, the immigrants, the unsure folk. It's now a haven for well-to-do Ivy League graduates who either want more out of life or feel like they're not getting what they want and feel they deserve it.<br/><br/>Regardless, this article kind of makes me hate Williamsburg. Which is a shame because I've always loved it.Oh, how this article made me miss home. I am a recent East Coast Transplant, and I miss the self-important, only "I am making a difference", DIY-type attitude that I grew to laugh at while living in Portland for 15 years. I applaud the article's slant towards satire. And as the author has stated, Portland has been doing hipster for way longer (and way better). So much so, that Stumptown Coffee had to bring its beans to roast in Red Hook (and sell in Manhattan). Brooklyn does not have the corner on uniqueness, beards (no way in h@ll on that), or overly-priced goods in the name of doing what is best for the earth. My husband and I are stuck here for three years while he completes a residency, but man, I can't wait to move back home. To quote Cake, "How do you afford your rock-n-roll lifestyle?"<br/><br/>Plus, try biking in Portland...I'll take Manhhattan .  . . And turn it into an isle of joy!I was in By Brooklyn about a month ago, and they certainly had those products. Maybe they changed their local line-up recently?Ah, the comments of defensive hipsters are so amusing. If we are to truly understanding that which is "hipster", I think we need to analyze it through a  Bourdeauian reading of the pheonomenon. It is a complex interaction of identity discourses and various forms of capital, articulated through some late postmodern landscape. On one hand amusing, on another indicative of some entitled, completely isolated community. It's a long way from the late '70's : when coming back into the country through Tijuana my father was asked where he was born. When he replied "Brooklyn" the border guard said "We'll let you in anyway."  ?Hipster? is a term co-opted for use as a meaningless pejorative in order to vaguely call someone else?s authenticity into question and, by extension, claim authenticity for yourself.<br/><br/>It serves no conversational function and imparts no information, save for indicating the opinions and preferences of the speaker.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, a market myth has sprung up around the term, as well as a cultural bogeyman consisting of elusive white 20-somethings who wear certain clothes (but no one will agree on what), listen to certain music (no one can agree on this either), and act a certain way (you?ve probably sensed the pattern on your own).<br/><br/>You can?t define what ?that kind of behavior or fashion or lifestyle? actually is, nor will you ever be able to. That?s because you don?t use ?hipster? to describe an actual group of people, but to describe a fictional stereotype that is an outlet for literally anything that annoys you.<br/><br/>The twist, of course, is that if it weren?t for your own insecurities, nothing that a ?hipster? could do or wear would ever affect you emotionally. But you are insecure about your own authenticity - ?Do I wear what I wear because I want to? Do I listen to my music because I truly like it? I?m certainly not like those filthy hipsters!? - so you project those feelings.<br/><br/>Suffice it to say, no one self-identifies as a hipster; the term is always applied to an Other, to separate the authentic Us from the inauthentic, ?ironic? Them.Hipsters will pop up anywhere.True "hipsters" don't pay $225.00 for a short sleeve shirt.  This is all very interesting, but the key question is: who is the short dark-haired woman in cut-offs near Mr. Alford walking away from the camera?UGH! And he looks ridiculous in those plaid shirts. He just looks like an un-cool middle age man.<br/><br/>Now, I am a "hipster"! I was born i Brooklyn in 1948. Will.i.amsburg was an industrial wasteland that most people never visited. But we were all "Brooklyn cool" from Pete Hamill to Saturday Night Fever, to Lundy's in Sheepshead Bay, to the Patty Duke Show ("all the sights a girl can see from Brooklyn Heights"), to Alan Fried rock shows at the Paramount, to Doo Wap, to A&amp;S department store. We didn't need facial hair and "ironic" attitudes. And we were born and bred in Bklyn, not recent transplants!I was struck by the observation, ?'Brooklyn' is now a byword for cool from Paris to Sweden to the Middle East." I would be delighted to show our foreign visitors the parts of Brooklyn, they would flee in horror. <br/><br/> I'm also amused by the notion that consuming kale is in anyway different than consuming, say, Bibb lettuce, or French lentiles,  It appears that little has changed in the City from the "Man in the Gray Flannel Suit"  and skinny black jeans of the 80s East Village, to Williamsburg's passion for plaid flannel?we identify with one group and then, as Baldassare Castiglione reminded us in the 16th-Century, "Clothes makes the man/woman .<br/><br/>I've always thought of this Williamsburg as a College without a Campus, and, like a college, it can not exist without the very economies it pretends to eschew. The sad truth is that this "imaginary" is not self sufficient and could not exist without dollars coming in truckloads from across the Bridge?whether parents or grandparents, or the cheaper and cheaper energy produced across America from such sinful activities as Hydraulic fracturing or Monsanto seeds. It's OK to make you own pickle or your jams. It's OK to prefer vinyl records to MP3s. It's OK to grow a beard. It is OK to ride a bike, or even a fixed-gear one. It's OK to dress like a banjo player. Just don't be so serious about it. It's just a jar of pickles, a bike, a beard... That's what is so annoying about hipsterism. There are plenty of 'causes' waiting to be embraced by young, bright people. Jazz musicians were saying "ridiculous" 35 years ago, similarly connoted.<br/><br/>"Bedford Avenue, a veritable ocean of beard"? Must mean the Chassidim. They were there first.First of all, I took this article to be what it is - a tongue in cheek jab. The old (or not so old I suppose) joshing the young - nothing too serious. Why has it elicited such a charged reaction? Yes, it is condescending. But I'd also suggest that there's actually a grain of truth in it. <br/><br/>Just in case my credibility is in doubt here: I am in my late 20's and have lived in Brooklyn (and not in Brooklyn). I make pour-over blue bottle coffee, wear checked shirts, shop at the co-op, and play the banjo. Satisfied? Oh. And I was raised in privilege, just like most of the people eating at Schmorgasburg and day-drinking at Berry Park.<br/><br/>The new Brooklyn lifestyle described in this essay may have grown out of a genuine concern for the planet and our future on it: the new forms of consumption described by a previous commenter are a lot better than the old ones (I truly, honestly do mean that). But they collectively amount to one culture's mark of privilege nonetheless. It's expensive to buy the stuff being made and/or sold in these neighborhoods (not to mention live in them). Why? Because these are good, high quality items and you get what you pay for. But so are a Mercedes Benz and a Rolex Watch. The difference being that reclaimed hardwood is better for mother earth than a V6 engine. Either way though, we cannot consume our way out of the world's biggest problems, even if the lettuce was grown in the basement."Additionally, I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland"<br/><br/>Less fanfare?  You're joking, right?  The NYT hasn't been able to contain itself after discovering the banjo players and beardos of Portland, as written about in just about every Sunday travel section in that past decade.  (I should have known I wouldn't get through - this otherwise entertaining - article without some reference to Portland.)  Irony is, the vast majority of them aren't even FROM Portland.  And a great many are actually from NY or spent time there.Just because you go to Brooklyn, get a shave from a barber and know who Mumford &amp; Sons is doesn't make you a hipster. I wish someone would write an article about how no one on this planet knows what a hipster actually is. I don't know about your description of Roberta's clientele barely batting an eye at something supposedly "shocking." I went to eat there with my transracial family and we've experienced less staring in rural Pennsylvania. I came away with a distinct impression of, well, people not so used to diversity, shall we say...Hipster, huckster, or "Who's laughing now?"<br/>Henry Alford was offered $2 (or a cup of tea) for his copy of "Hitler Laughing: Comedy in the Third Reich". A quick search on the web yields prices from $33 to $131.<br/>That must have been one very fine cup of chamomile.Wow, great piece, very capturing with some wit, and the comments too (again, only some with wit, but all very very revealing, and worth reading all).  I feel like the usually mute guy in the TV control room in My Favorite Year when all hell breaks loose at last: "This makes me soooo happy!"Many commenters are reading this straight, but it's almost Nabokovian in its indictment of delusional erudition. Note the author's obsession with one-sidedly relating what he takes to be his hip wit, actually just instances of him being a jerk to service workers; note the reference to a chocolatier that "makes it a point to wind-sail its cocoa beans from the Dominican Republic to Brooklyn;" such is the author's desperation to elide his island adventure with actual high seas swashbuckling that he conjures up this surely fantastic detail. Presumably the galleon continues on to Zembla, secret King Alford as stowaway. Really a cut above the NYT's usual "Marie Antoinette for the 21st century" culture-trolling.Visitors from Brooklyn keep mentioning the Mott Haven section of the South Bronx. Is that the next artist haven? My understanding is that artists/creatives of color as well as whites have moved in there.How many more times can Brooklyn be discovered anew by a reporter who "bravely" leaves the confines of Manhattan to explore the outside world--or, the world just a few miles away, across a river? It's getting pretty old. As is the condescending tone of the majority of articles and reviews in the NYTs covering anything outside of New York. Life and culture exists--and thrives--outside of New York, and Manhattan in particular. Embrace it.How much was the shave? In non cool Rome it's 7 dollars and I'm quite sure it lasts longer. I assume that some decades ago coolness would sprout in less wealthy places. These times digest things in months. If something becomes cool, in a second it is also too expensive.Thanks for writing this tongue-in-cheek piece. For all the  "Aren't I superior!"  comments below, don't forget- these are the people who will move the country forward. <br/><br/>I moved from Bleecker street in the west village to Williamsburg,  Brooklyn 1989-1990.  In Williamsburg, our rent was half that of Bleecker, at $400 for a railroad car style apartment. We were surrounded by what looked like bombed out / fire-gutted apartment buildings- blocks and blocks of them- it was like a no mans land, and it was scary.  I went to Sarah Lawrence College and worked full time. I'd love to go back and see what it looks like now! Oh pioneers!"To get the true Brooklyn experience, it became clear I needed to do some of my visits while riding young Brooklynites? vehicle of choice, a fixed-gear bicycle" <br/><br/>Brooklyn is not one homogeneous borough of hipsters. Williamsburg is not Crown Heights is not Dumbo is not Cobble Hill is not East New York is not Bay Ridge is not Flatbush is not Bed Stuy is not Coney Island is not Canarsie is not Brooklyn Heights is not Vinegar Hill is not Fort Greene is not Midwood is not Park Slope...etc etc etc. Please stop saying "Brooklyn" when you clearly mean "The recent influx of residents in Williamsburg"Oh goody; a new focus for my daily rage about consumerism! Thanks, Mr. "affinity marketer"! <br/><br/>I do tend to like the spirit of these guys (I drive a single-speed myself - fixies are trying way too hard), and that flapper analogy made it worth reading this funny article. I think people want to do the right thing; it is the hangers-on, the salesmen, who sully what can be a genuine (albeit well-financed) desire to be a part of something bigger. So I try to give these guys a break, assuming at least some of the purists ponder the dissonance created by their earnest beliefs and the packaged, almost twee, manifestations of them. To me, if we judge youth movements by the bigger themes they keep in the culture, we could do a lot worse than old-timey music and sustainable farming. This back-to-basics approach might come in handy once our corporate overlords have no more use for us.I would love to read a Slouching Toward Bethlehem-type article about this subculture, something that tries to understand what's behind this movement while still pointing out its flaws. Young adults tend to react against what's poisoned in the culture... and many of them do it poorly. But they're interesting because they're old enough to make decisions for themselves but young enough to still reject the soul-killing aspects of the status quo. <br/><br/>But instead the Times gives us a confused puff piece by a snarky GenXer about How Silly Kids Are These Days (contempt for the young is something that will never go away). "Today?s twentysomethings are self-respecting, obvi." What on earth does that even mean? The author tries to deliver a complement to "hipsters" but can't do it without a snarky aside. Ugh! It's exhausting! No wonder kids are trying a less ironic approach to life. Gen X's cynicism is so damn impotent.<br/><br/>I know many people will read this piece and chortle merrily as their prejudices against the young are confirmed. But these kids are trying (&amp; sometimes failing) to figure out new patterns of consumption and production, which seems especially relevant after the Rana Plaza tragedy. I'm not saying there's anything inherently good in this new subculture, but it deserves to be discussed seriously, not subjected to this hackneyed smugfest. I was wondering how long it would be before the artisanal mayonnaise store, whipping boy of the chattering classes, got pulled out. Page 2.Not sure I get the point of this article. Writer wanders around Bklyn baiting people with snarky comments then says he likes the kids -- huh? Reads like some dreadful Look Magazine "among the hippies" article from 1967. Why doesn't this article have the word "irony" or "ironic" in it? Don't you know that you can't have an article that gratuitously rehashes every cliche about hipsters without using one of those words? Maybe "artisanal" is the new "ironic." Because I must say, you've done a fine job being totally pointless while avoiding the use of the i-word.You can laugh at them, and they can laugh at you. It's a scene, a vibe, an energy. If you don't like it, then don't go. I believe that's the best part of New York (ALL of New York)--there are so many cool scenes to hit up. You can do the meatpacking for some upscale lounging, or the LES for brunch and beers, Washington Heights for hookah and spanish music, Soho for daytime walking and window shopping, Astoria for beer gardens and greek food. And in every case, there's a specific vibe because there are people that wish to socialize a certain way, and businesses that cater to the demand. It's called a community, people. And you can be part of one and simply live in that niche, or you can also visit others depending on the mood you're in. <br/><br/>I believe the only problem is being a poser. No one likes a poser! And that's what this writer did. it's like, dude, just be YOU and enjoy being in Brooklyn. Walk, talk, eat, drink, and chill. If you see something you like, and can afford it, buy it. And If you don't like it or can't afford it, don't hate, just don't buy. Because at the end, you can't bike ride, dress or shave your way into another person's skin. Didn't this type of article about Brooklyn become stale a decade ago?  Henry Alford, your writing is delightful!If this article has no other merits, it has generated an amusing barrage of indignation from the Brooklyn hipsteratti. I have mixed feelings about hipsters, but man, this article was dripping with condescension. What was the point, other than to make fun of people, inadvertently (I hope) harass a few women, and take a picture looking like an undercover cop with a bicycle? There are articles that discuss hipsters as capitalists trying to find a conscience, as people trying to be more responsible about food sourcing, as young privileged kids pushing people out of their own neighborhoods, etc. etc. There are any number of substantial things a person could say about hipsters as a phenomenon. But instead the author put on a costume, ate a bunch of chocolate, interviewed no one, and pronounced the whole thing "so ten years ago."Take simple things and make them costly and complicated, and you have a hipster. The plain pickle, the good basic bike, facial hair--all have become over-priced, precious pursuits.  Spent a recent weekend in Brooklyn.  $225 is about 1/2 the weekly take home pay of the average Tucsonan.  Local food here is beef from grass-fed free range cattle who live on Sonoran desert range &amp; free range eggs are from  Maria, who treats her chickens like her grandchildren.  Lamb is pastured on high desert grassland in Wilcox next to apple orchards.  Tomatoes, pomegranates, grapefruit and oranges grow in backyards.  Plaid shirts come from a second hand  stores and cost about $8.  And the art here--new &amp; edgy.  Music is fresh..  The largest Festival of Books in the country, then the Tucson Folk Festival, street fairs, farmers markets, The University of Arizona's nationally renowned Poetry Center and Center for Photography.   There is a vibrant and engaged progressive community.<br/><br/>A very rich life can be had outside of high priced  Brooklyn.  A 2-bedroom  with a pool near biking paths goes for $800/mo.   Tucson is not the only place outside of Brooklyn like this.  I liked my weekend in Brooklyn.  It was a lovely wedding at the Center for Ethical Culture.  The food is good/ the shops interesting.  I do wish that the definition of "hipster" included a sensibility to the cultural cost of the $225 shirt, the limits of a local roof garden foodie movement that is fueled by wine and martinis and considers bartering a 'new' form of commerce.  Considering the plaid; my grandfather who homesteaded in the Dakota Territory owned tractor plaid and Sunday plaid shirts.   Both flannel.This guy is way late for the 'Hipster exploitation' party. It has been done sooooo many times, and in a much more clever fashion. His puns are washed up and outdated and he is severely out of touch with anything that has to do with Brooklyn.<br/><br/> Brooklyn is a wonderful borough that has many things to offer its residents, including assurance one will not have to cohabitate with a condescending stereotyper such as the author of this washed up article. The term 'Hipster' alone has been boiled down to mean absolutely nothing real. When you lack creativity, you dust the cobwebs off this word and toss it around to amuse those who are equally outdated as yourself. <br/><br/> The last time I checked, my 'HipsterHood' in Williamsburg is also inhabited by Dominican and Puerto Rican families who own businesses and have been here for generations. I love the fact that so many people from different backgrounds can live among one another and keep the neighborhood thriving with small businesses. There are very few corporate powerhouses in Williamsburg.. There isn't even a Starbucks!! <br/><br/>Big ups to these young, forward thinking women and men who keep ALL of Brooklyn pumping with innovative and quality driven small businesses that provide people with an alternative to the mediocrity that  huge corporations churn out. <br/><br/>Also.. This guy called it 'Bedford St'. It's Bedford ave, bro.. Bedford St is in the LES where the 'Hipsters' pay twice the amount of rent as their brethren across the river."Portland is Lorna Luft to Brooklyn's Liza." Who are these people? Must be a Manhattan inside joke. I'd still rather live in a neighborhood where this kind of silly ostentation is lavished on adults (Williamsburg) than on 6-month old babies (Park Slope). How many times can one beat a dead horse? A hipster is not someone narrowed down by a person from a geographic region, race, age, or style of clothing or materia that draws them.<br/>The hipster is all about independent aesthic appeal without the gross mass commercialism. Unfortunately for Alford, he doesn't see the substance that drives this style. When I view the slide show he looks awkward  spending so much to attain the current bohemnian image.<br/>One does not need to spend rediculous amount of money on the 'latest fix gear bike" or artisinal cheese or attain style.Finger on the pulse, NYT, finger on the pulse.People poking fun at this article seem to forget that the New York Times is a national, if not international, newspaper .  The world does exist outside of New York, fellow New Yorkers, and this gives those people an opportunity to have a glimpse inside one of the many unique aspects of our city.  Great article!  Also wanted to say that Carytown in Richmond has that similar Williamsburg vibe for anyone interested in seeing the southern version of "hipster".I'm trying to figure out whether this article is a joke or not.  Apparently it's not.  Try my neighborhood, ya hipster, and have fun at burning man.Portland's Lorna Luft to Brookyln's Liza?  Give me a break, we don't even know or really care about either of these folks.<br/><br/>From the perspective of someone who has spent a lot of time for work and family in Brooklyn/NYC but now lives with my young family (two kids) in Portland, is is clear that the author does not understand Portland or the role that NYT's extensive coverage of my adopted city over the last five years have shaped Brooklyn's current hipster phenomena.   The coverage, both in the NYT's and with Portlandia have become a self fulfilling prophecy for Brooklyn. <br/><br/>While folks hear are flattered (and often mystified) by the extensive coverage of PDX (how people here often refer to portland) in the NYT's-  the fact is they don't really care about what is happening in NYC or Brooklyn.   <br/><br/>Reading this all from afar is at least amusing, like reading an article on Germans who are really into dressing in western cowboy clothes.   The author's  Brooklyn hipsters and the German Cowboys may be more "authentically" attired  those who actually work on the ranch but they also fundamentally don't get it.   <br/><br/>This is really about a way of life and and environment that supports it, not what shirt or $200 jacket you wear. Wow... such in-depth reporting of life in Williamsburg. FYI, H. W. Carter and Sons opened a whole month ago. This article is nothing but recycled, unnecessary blather. Williamsburg is SOHO: sold out, overcrowded and over- hyped to the point of extinction. Being from Brooklyn has ALWAYS been COOL!  People from other places, mostly Manhattan, are just beginning to get it!Incredibly lazy. Way to go for the low-hanging fruit. An exhausting slog through obvious and banal stereotypes. Dear NYT: Leave Brooklyn alone. And maybe PDX too. Just for a couple months. Please?That's a long adventurous story.  What's Beebe, AR like?  It's a quiet town dotted with flea markets, and at night it's soothing to sit on the porch and listen to the occasional wail of the freight trains.Everyone is trying to say what the real problem of this article is, but is missing it. The real problem is that Henry Alford came to Williamsburg and was rude to everyone and received nothing but niceness in return.Everyone in Williamsburg seems to be from the flyover states, which means they are all trying too hard.<br/><br/>A friend told me that hipsters move to Brooklyn from the Mid West and start talking in Brooklyn accents. This is hilarious to me, as I am not ashamed of my accent, but I not proud of it either.<br/><br/>Brooklyn-born here...oh, now i know what they call those silly old lady bikes everyone is so crazy about ...I grew up outside of Pittsburgh in a blue collar, recently-immigrated family of mill workers and steam fitters. We all ate vegetables from our gardens, minimized waste reusing things beyond their capabilities, shopped at thrift stores for clothing to save money, and had our 'artisinal meats' in the form of pig and lamb roasts at family holidays.<br/><br/>Then, I moved to the 'big city' (Pittsburgh), where you see many people pursuing the lifestyle depicted in this article. I went to grad school, bought a house (yes you can still do that here), and planted my garden. I continue to try to be conscious of the environment and minimize my waste and try to purchase things that will last. I also probably still dress like I'm a part of the family construction business, and yes, I sport the beard as one must in grad school.<br/><br/>The only difference is that now my lifestyle is deemed COOL!!! Viva la hipster!!Everybody just get back to work.  If you're tryingto craft some witty put-down to add to this thread, you have too much free time.  Go get some fresh air and find something worth doing...  ". . . I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier . . . ."<br/><br/>I suppose "less fanfare" is a way of saying more sincerity and less pretension.This article -- with its breathless, "discovery mode" voice -- is about as relevant as an article about hippies in the East Village would have been ... in 1973.This article reminded me of Bob Hope or some other 60s comedian in a hippie costume, wig included. Generations change. And so they should.Another article about hipsters and Brooklyn?  Please make it stop.Hipsters wouldn't be so annoying if they didn't think they invented or discovered everything.  They're like the revival of European explorers entering new lands and claiming it as their own, taking a long practiced way of living as their own idea.  <br/><br/>It's wonderful that they support handmade products, farming, local businesses, arts, etc.  But people were doing that long before the hipster invasion.  Growing up, my mom made her own cured bacon, we grew vegetables in our backyard before it was "hip", our clothes were handmade, her friends gave us their homemade pickled lemons and vegetables.  And we lived this way because of a strong food culture and it was economical.<br/><br/>I live in Brooklyn now and I'm a designer.  I also live far from hipster central.  While my neighborhood lacks the restaurants and night clubs that are written on the NY Times, it is also filled with diversity that Williamsburg lacks.  I can have a meal at a good Mexican restaurant (anyone from the west coast knows how hard it is to find good Mexican food in NY), shop for groceries at inexpensive Asian markets, buy classic Italian cookies, go to the local park on a nice day.  <br/><br/>I never liked homogenous lifestyles, everyone dressing identically to fit in.  The point of being unique is to be yourself.<br/>Williamsburg hipsters, with all their styled coolness is too intentional.  It's ironic.  This is one of the most condescending and disappointing articles I have ever read at the NY Times. Mr. Alford thinks it's somehow appropriate to grossly stereotype an entire culture, borough, and generation because he believes he shares a superficial racial similarity to them. Imagine if he had written the exact same article about Harlem (dress me up so I look like I'm mixing some beats") or Flushing, Alford would never be allowed to write for the Times again. <br/><br/>Cultural satire is only barely appropriate when you are satirizing your own culture, otherwise it's incredibly dangerous and promotes bigotry (even in the horribly patronizing ending to the article), and judging from the more spiteful and ignorant comments in this thread, mission accomplished. The goal of these painfully unfunny articles is always to emphasize the culturally elite and entitled attitude of so-called "hipsterism," yet I can think of nothing more entitled than a 50-year old openly mocking the retailers, service workers, and teachers (oftentimes overeducated and underpaid) for the sake of a trend piece?a four year late one, at that?for a newspaper that desperately seeks the same audience it ridicules.<br/><br/>Every culture and every generation will have people who are smart and stupid, thoughtful and superficial, rich and poor. Young people in Brooklyn (or anywhere for that matter) do not deserve to be ridiculed or condescended to just because of the particular trends their generation has happened to fall into.[part 2] A  perceptive Manhattanite would notice how when you go out to dinner there, everyone has produced their iphones and blackberries on a restaurant table and check  them frenetically. Whereas people in Brooklyn actually seem to be laughing and enjoying other's company ! A radical concept I know. Nor is your selection of restaurants the defining factor in your identity or your social calendar - there are plenty of other things to do in the borough.<br/><br/>And those Brooklynites on their fixed speed bikes and goofy hats, when they get to the waterfront or the Propsect Park or Brooklyn Bridge Park - actually seem to be having fun and relaxing <br/><br/>I recently went to a party in Brooklyn where she invited her parents and relatives over, brought in her friend's 1920's jazz band to provide the music and cooked 10 courses herself. The next night I stop by a Manhattan party in a tenth story SoHo loft with hired DJ and bartender service. For all the pomp and price tag of the latter, the underlying energy was soulless. <br/><br/>As Gibbon said about the Roman Empire, so has happened to Manhattan living: "The form was still the same, but the animating spirit and vitality had left it long ago". It moved across the East River.<br/>Some may have co-opted and turned into a gimmick, or cashed in on it, but for the most part the spirit is alive and well and making life in the BK great. Please go back across the river and don't come back if you view Brooklyn through your nostrils. The DIY, farming, goodwill-shopping, bartering search for authenticity is, in my view, a result of the deep bewilderment and lack of security that many 20-and-30-somethings feel as a result of emerging into an adult world where getting a good job can be like winning the lottery, where having a job that feels morally and socially satisfying means earning barely enough to scrape by, with no opportunity for advancement, and where we feel like the life we'd been promised if we just did all the right things has slipped through our fingers like vapor.<br/>The "hipsterism" described here is one way of reacting to this cultural and generational phenomenon.  Much of it is, in fact, the result of real questioning, searching, seeking.  The return to "authenticity" obviously has its roots in some real human yearning, or it wouldn't have caught on.  With the promise of success so intangible and slippery, we want something real and solid to feel beneath our hands.  That handmade furniture is built to feel a sense of accomplishment, to confirm that yes, we do exist.  We can contribute. There is a world out there we can inhabit.<br/>The criticism comes when this lifestyle morphs into only glorified consumption.  Everyone knows you cannot buy authenticity.  So lets be sure to keep our criticisms to the consumers only (like the author), and reserve our respect for the true seekers and producers trying to make their own authentic way in the world.Hiptsters, who are they? Where do they come from where are they going? What drives them? Who, what, when, where, why, ad nauseum! The hipster "question"...enough already! This word is so over used it's become thread bare and cannot possibly hold any meaning. How about someone try writing an article about what's actually happening somewhere? No more of these smug wink and nod articles about nothing.Oh, pish-posh. V. fun article. And, having been to Roberta's, yes, the entrance is amazingly ugly and a little forbidding to the visitor unaccustomed to the place. That whole block looks like a set from some end of times movie. The thing is; let's just pick the ugliest places and send all the cool kids there. New Delhi: get ready. While reading the piece, I was struck by the incessant consumerism. It would seem that one must purchase the "right" shoes, shirts, pants, glasses, haircut, beard, 'stache, food,etc. in order to "fit in". In other words, consumerism (whether "locavore" or not) and conformity seem to be the prevailing norms. <br/><br/>In my opinion, this sort of preening (and rather expensive) epicureanism has little to do with NYC's bohemian pedigree.  Please don't think of us. Please stop mentioning us. Please just move on. After reading this harmless little article about a great city I was confused about where all the negativity in the comments was coming from.  Was the anger over the story a result of untruths and distortions or merely a reflection of the winter weather that continues to grip much of the nation?  Only until I perused the accompanying slide show was I finally able to formulate a hypothesis about the source of the anger the story provoked.  <br/><br/>After considering all the options, all signs point to the nasty snark being a product of the fact that Brooklyn is home to the barber that did what they did to the writer's hair.  I too would be infuriated if the hometown that I loved where to give shelter, if not support, to a stylist that would pull such a cruel prank on an unsuspecting writer searching for a story.  Sure the clothes are dumb (but cheap) and the ensemble worn by the author is irritating simply because it exists on earth.  And one could grow weary of a town's culinary scene being represented solely by pagen-made, vegan, gluten and sugar-free, organic, kale/walnut cookies sprinkled with nutritional yeast and covered by lentil paste frosting.  But one look at the locks that remained after the author's visit to the salon made it clear to me that the comments would have taken a much different tone if the 1930's German hair style had never the light of Brooklyn's neighborhoods.Funny. My question is, who will be living in those wonderful "luxury condos" on Kent once the hispters discover and ruin Philadelphia, Baltimore, Wilmington, Kirkuk, or wherever else?What happens to aging hippies?<br/><br/>They break their hipsters. A visit to these faux-hipster enclaves that this author seems pathetically fascinated by reveals how absurdly time-consuming and expensive it is to live a life appearing that you spend no time or money doing so.<br/><br/>This article is a pathetic gloss-over of the real spirit of Brooklyn to instead focus on an obnoxious enclave of twenty-somethings living off their parents checkbooks for the sake of being "individualistic" (hence why they all look identical). I can literally tolerate a pretentious Wall Street banker stepping out of his town car in an Armani suit more than the hippie-dippie "here's my $250 shirt that looks like it's old and cheap" crowd. At least the former is upfront.<br/><br/>Here's a suggestion: go out and write a story about people and neighborhoods in Brooklyn who are actually interesting...not just the ones who are so good at buying the elitist nonsense the NYTimes throws at them (but all in the name of living a life that rejects mainstream capitalism, right...?)My daughter and her friends--native Manhattanites or transplants from elsewhere--are part of this latest version of bohemia and, like the author of this hilarious article, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them!  They are the sweetest, caring, funny, smart, talented bunch of 20-somethings I've seen in a long time.  It doesn't matter what they wear or eat or whether they live in Bushwick, Williamsburg, or beyond, it's their character that matters.  Keep it up, kids!It's much too easy and obvious these days to write a piece about the ironies of hipsterism, or to mock yourself (perhaps not even in earnest) for not being "with it."  Had this been penned a decade ago, it would've been much more enlightening and entertaining.  Look, for example, at the brilliant "Up With Grups" piece from 2006: <a href="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" title="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" target="_blank">http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/</a>.With this article, in which a NYT reporter 'embeds' himself for the weekend at the luxe Wythe Hotel in Williamsburg, in order to truly experience hipster life, Brooklyn has officially jumped the shark.  We owe the hipsters a tremendous debt for getting men out of baseball caps.  The trend of men dressing like four year olds at summer camp -- shorts, sneakers, Tshirts and those caps -- always struck me as one of the worst contributions of my own generation.  Who ever thought fedoras would make a comeback? Oh, and another thought.  One a very positive note, the hipster movement has done a wonderful job at raising the profile, and profits I would guess, of "heritage" brands made right here in the good ole USA, some even in Brooklyn.  For that alone, we should all tip a hat.More proof, if any were needed, that bohemianism makes no sense unless well funded. Rather, it simply doesn't exist otherwise, at least in modern Manhattan (and apparently elsewhere).<br/><br/>What IS interesting is that relevant style-project archetypes, at least from hippie to hipster, uphold traditional, pre-industrial (or low-industrial) ideals: "hand"-involvement rules, whether that of cheese maker, barber, forager, etc. With certain With certain cyber-reality detours.<br/><br/>Well, you're only young and funded once.[part 1]<br/>As a 31yr old Brooklyn resident ...(Boerum HIll) ...There are some amusing parts to the story (yes the beard and plaid thing can be out of control, and there are lots of people of fuzzy job definitions in Brooklyn) but it's ultimately wide of the mark. <br/><br/>First, calling Williamsburg hipster is a little far-fetched now  - the real starving artist hipster crowd lives in Bushwick/Bed Stuy/Fort Greene.<br/>Williamsburg now  is just the collision of hipsters or wanna be hipsters with money and nightlife. I think calling the Burg hipster now is like calling the East Village bohemian- maybe it was at one point fully so, maybe it is still has those roots,  but c'mon, it's changed since then. <br/><br/>The sad part of this article though is that this Manhattanite revealed everything that's wrong about the Manhattan attitude and why few people my age want to live there. It's all about where you stay (The Wythe) where you shop (choclate stores, clothing places) where you go out to eat (Roberta's) and other exclusively monetary activities.<br/>The fact is, that people my age got tired of that attitude. The Brooklyn attitude is to be  feel like you are part of doing and making something, to feel in a community of disparate individuals with different talents. Not merely hanging with other investment bankers and corporate lawyers who are running to and from work earning money and spending it. "Are there any native NYer Brooklyn hipsters?? Or do the kids that were born and raised in Brooklyn just cringe with embarrassment and wonder where these people came from?"<br/><br/>First, no self-respecting native Brooklynite would become be a hipster.  You'd risk the chance of getting pounced on by the kids you grew up with just as soon as you turn on to your old block.<br/>Second, Brooklynites don't cringe with embarrassment.I was born and lived and loved in Brooklyn my whole life and now I'm tired of hearing about Brooklyn.Brilliant.  After the are-these-socks-local comment, I had to page up to make sure this was not authored by David Sedaris.  <br/><br/>I now challenge the author to take a baby into Park Slope for a month and write a similar article.I was born and raised in Brooklyn.  And after 30 years in Los Angeles (yes, El Lay), I still have a Brooklyn accent.  I want to know if being dubbed a hipster is retroactive.  It would be cool!.Just such an excellent informal essay. I loved the humor in its look at youth mores. I had actually been asking myself, where are the cutting edge places? I had thought of Austin with its South By Southwest Fest, and San Jose with its Stanford U. and Silicon Valley, for example, but it hadn't occurred to me to see Brooklyn as a center of cool; its charms were still sneaking up on me. Believe me, I'm so uncool that by the time I've identified a place or thing as trendy, it's coolness is essentially over.ur bike has gears &amp; brakes lolAlthough this article is well written and clearly researched, I feel as though the joke on hipsters is so played out.  Yes we know they live and breed in Brooklyn and have stretched out to other cities across the US but at this point who cares?  Can't people look at this "movement" with a different perspective instead of just making fun of young people who dress like they live in the 1800's, ride bikes without breaks, and pickle vegetables?  What about the entrepreneurship that has also come with the rise of hipsters?  Young, creative, and talented people are starting to things they love, not what they have to or are expected to do and in this day in age, that sounds pretty exciting to me.  As a part of this generation and the age group usually associated with hipsters, I am proud to be involved with a youth that is taking some sort of initiative (yes I do know that not everyone is this ambitious and some are doomed to constant unemployment by choice) and exploring new ways of thinking, living, and working.  It bothers me that the photos do not jive with the text - for instance, the clerk in the store does not have a pony tail, the author is not wearing a "short-sleeve, plaid, navy jacquard shirt," the barber is not "a hirsute Mediterranean-looking man with studs in each ear."  Is the author making it up?  What's going on?Anyone who thinks this was written in complete earnest has never read anything else written by Henry Alford.We have a bunch of hipsters around here. They grow their own produce, pickle and can from their gardens, are heavily bearded, and are very eco-conscience, using no electricity or gasoline. They are called Amish. Take that, Brooklyn!"Hipster" has become synonymous with trying too hard, which is the opposite of cool. What happened to beatniks?  after bohemians and before hippies -- then flower children.  Youth is wasted on the youhg!!! or not.The word 'Hipster' should always be followed by 'dufus' - because every single one of them is!<br/><br/>It's not even a real youth movement - at least Hippies, Ravers, etc. knew who they were!<br/><br/>Gen X farts in the general direction of hipsters...I didn't read all of the comments, so it may have been mentioned. The bike in the photo is not a 'fixie.' Maybe this is a comment on the article as a whole.Seriously. Enough is enough.  How many times can you write this same article?<br/><br/>You?d think that with 2.5 million residents Brooklyn would have more to offer than beards and stories about hurricane relief?Glad to hear the author made it back safely from his trip across the mighty East River to the grizzled underworld of Williamsburg, so he could share this platitude-laden adventure of stereotypes and materialism with other sheltered Manhattan-dwelling NYTimes readers.  <br/><br/>The world is richer for his sacrifice and superficial reporting, even if it is over a decade late to the party...What a bunch of grumps commenting.  This was a hilarous and lighthearted article.  Fabulously well written.  I laughed so hard over your watermelon seed analogy.  Thanks!Is anyone else sick of hearing about Brooklyn?  The fact that "Brooklyn" has so supersaturated culture, no longer makes it "hipster".Hell's Kitchen resident, over 60.  Love biking  through Williamsburg and stopping at very original, pleasant restaurants and coffee places, where everyone is extremely nice to very unhip types like me.   Having lived back and forth between Brooklyn and Manhattan over 23 years , I find this writer's approach outdated. After 11 years in Brooklyn, we moved back to the Village seven years ago when Ratner and Markowitz were devouring homes and shops to poop out their massive brown lump of a Barclay Center. We were tired of not being walking distance to anything and fed up with paying Manhattan prices for the inconvenience. Seven years ago, the dominant cultural forces of Brooklyn were yuppie parents, and first-time restaurateurs and club promoters trolling for cheap space. Much of the borough was still made up of disconnected segments and existing lower-income communities that were invisible to greedy developers. Just as we learned upon our return to the Village that you can't step in the same stream twice, I know that the current Brooklyn is very different from the one we left behind. The Village has become so over-franchised and over-run by college dorms, that it is like one big Duane-Reade-Marc-Jacobs-Chase-Bank-Starbucks-bathroom-line. The Lower East Side is Brooklyn for people who grew up on the Upper East Side. And Brooklyn, which was the new frontier, is now heavily co-opted. Developers are not the same thing as city planners, and developers have run roughshod over these communities along with the hipster pioneers. What is left behind still offers amazing opportunities and resources in both boroughs, but the sassy borough war retorts--either direction--no longer apply.I had some friends back in 1990 that had a loft in Williamsburg. They were struggling art students-- real ones-- who were able to find the inexpensive space they needed once found in SOHO a generation earlier. At that point, there was nothing  going on in that particular area of Williamsburg. However, it wasn't long after that the hangers-on began to catch on to the area. I remember a cover of the Time-Out NY, "Williamsburg, the new Bohemia?" That was it.<br/><br/>I suppose tharein lies my problem with this Williamsburg phenomenon. Other bohemian cultures and subcultures of the past that would take over a place were actually based in something substantive or real: Grenwich Village, Haight Ashbury, Woodstock... There was a scene built out of a political, social, or historical movement or shift. Willamsburg seems to be built on making the scene. The "substance" of this hipsterism is an afterthought to justify a fashion statement, and an expensive upper middle class white privileged one at that. These "hipster" articles are exhausting, but the NY times keeps coming back to this well!  I've discussed this many times with people and we're pretty sure the term "hipster" now means if you're someone who doesn't work as a lawyer or a banker and you've seen an independent movie once in your life. <br/><br/>P.S. there's probably only a handful of native new yorkers in WB so I see these articles exposing the parodies of "hipster" life as a comment on the rest of America.Thanks for the laughter. It has been a while...What I find distasteful about this article is that it reduces the 4th largest city in America to an insulting stereotype about a small group of residents. New York is full of all sorts of people that are into all sorts of different things, and no one lives here to be patronized for their choices. I expect more from the Times. "Brooklyn movement was done in Portland to less fanfare 10 years ago". Which was mastered 20 years before that in 1970s San Francisco. Funny that Williamsburg is taken to be all of Brooklyn.  This author has missed much by not visiting Brooklyn -- from Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, and Bedford Stuyvesant... on down to Sunset Park, Vinegar Hill and Windsor Terrace.  <br/><br/>Williamsburg is just one of more than 50 neighborhoods in Brooklyn which have, thankfully, far fewer hipsters. <br/><br/>I am thankful to have lived in Brooklyn pre-hipster when my neighborhood had a Chinese laundry, an Italian bakery, a Greek diner, a Middle Eastern falafel shop, an Irish butcher shop, a Jewish deli, a Polish locksmith, a Korean grocer, a Bangladeshi newstand, a Jamaican beef patty place, a Mexican taco stand, a Haitian santeria store, and a myriad of other local businesses that gave real flavor to living here.  Sadly, we now have  a myriad of hipster cool cafes, gastropubs and trendy apparel stores -- and I wonder where I might find Brooklyn.Clearly not everyone shares my sense of humor, but I loved this article - it made me laugh out loud several times. I'm dying to go to the store that barters used books for drinks.A hipster is simply someone who is so desperate to fit into a subculture that that go to ridiculous lengths (i.e. they conform to absurd, ephemeral fashion trends) in order to do so. It's all about insecurity.I'm old enough to be the mother of everyone in this article, except perhaps Mr. Alford. For years (decades, even) I've been sewing my own curtains, shopping for clothes and furniture at Goodwill, wearing wool cardigans, growing my own organic vegetables, canning my own jam and pickles, and riding my bike everywhere I can. (And I would love one of those cacao bags in this article.)  I think the writer is a funny, charming guy, yet I think the young people in this article are to be admired. So what if what they are doing right now is thought to be "hip?" They are sick of plastic, fake stuff, and they are trying to get by in the world by making things by hand with care.  What could be wrong with that?   Brooklyn bohemian? Hardly.  I think the Bronx is the new frontier.  Lookit up!The most amusing part of this are the indignant comments.Most of the hipsters I know are "creatives" in advertising. That pretty much tells you everything you need to know. Good article, but from my viewpoint, far too laudatory of hipsters and completely ignoring the fact that most of Brooklyn is not very populated by them.  And overlooking that Brooklyn was cool long before there were hipsters; hopefully it will survive their parasitic infestation unscathed.<br/><br/>Hipsters tend to occupy the parts of Brooklyn, like Williamsburg, that are closest to Manhattan.  This is because that's the most expensive real estate, and the cutest little kitschy shops are there, selling highly overpriced and pretentious stuff, like a $225 shirt, or Organic Socks (whatever those are).  Hipsters can afford this, because they tend to be trust fund babies; or have overpaid, non-productive jobs like 'Affinity Executive', usually for tech startups who profit from peoples' poor investment decisions (eg: don't buy Facebook stock).<br/><br/>Hipsters, it seems to me, are like the 60's Hippies (hence the diminutive term derived from that term, maybe), except with no major philosophical cause, other than to be cooler than everyone else.  They also seem to have jumped over some Boomer stages and gone directly to the 'me first' motivation, like Boomers in Reagan years.<br/><br/>So this is, I guess, a rather opposite review of hipsterhood than the article's.  My apologies if I offended with my disparagements, but to me, the word that instantly springs to mind when I hear 'hipster' is 'doofus' (ie: useless twit).Pity the era of Brooklyn as America's source for tough guys and poets is over.  Time to pass the torch to flyover land!My son, a teenager who fancies himself something of a hipster, told me that I could be one, except that (in effect) I was too old. I didn't quite realize what a hipster was until I read this. I grow my own cucumbers and pickle them. I have several hundred pounds of vinyl records. I make my own jam--strawberry and raspberry, usually, though last year I made peach-ginger--and I "make stuff," such as the wine rack in my kitchen, a funky entertainment center (looks like a mantel, more or less) for my girlfriend, and the coffee table in my living room. Given that I more or less considered myself a hipster when I was his age, which really meant I considered myself hip, listening to Coltrane, Miles and fusion jazz instead of Aerosmith, reading novels instead of watching tv, and entirely eschewing professional sports for decades (a practice I have now resumed), it seems way more difficult to be a hipster these days. Another sad article lauding the superficiality of Hipster Brooklyn.  These stories about hipster wonders only appeal to out-of-towners, transplants who think they've single handedly improved NYC by coming to live here.  Gimme a break!  <br/><br/>Where are the stories on the real Brooklynites whose lives are more meaningful than wannabes in beards, designer 'flannels', 'work boots' and tattoos?  That this mirage of all that is 'Good' in Brooklyn completely ignores the neighborhoods that have been suffering for decades and ignores the working masses who have populated the borough for ages is part of what has been going wrong with this new corporate NYC that continues to become a playground for the rich and self-absorbed.This is a deeply silly article - the man went on a glorified shopping trip and missed the point. There is nothing precious about what this newspaper seems hell-bent on describing as "hipsterism." What "these kids today" have is a polluted world, a deflated job market, and student loans for an education that promised to put them in the realm of top earners and, instead, leaves them making coffee for baby boomers who can't retire because social security barely exists any longer.<br/><br/>So yes, jobs have to be created, for a world that changed and left poor Henry Alford and his ilk behind. He made an expensive fool of himself only to prove the point that he is out of step.I don't think this article is entirely fair or accurate. Sure, the culture of hipsters has it's affectations and it's annoyances. But it's simply too easy to pile on the criticism (just like so many others) rather than actually think about it critically. Not much about Brooklyn.  Very much a formula based story. For each paragraph briefly describe a Brooklyn business.  Insert a witty comment made by the author. Repeat.C'mon NYTimes, I expect more from you. Sure, Froo-Froo "hipster" Brooklyn is fun to write about (and lord knows your reporters have written plenty), but what about the gritty, dirty real Brooklyn that lives beyond the East River bank? For every one uber-hip Williamsburger and chic Carrol Gardens resident, there are THOUSANDS of people living in East New York, Browsnville and Canarsie... East Flatbush, Bushwick and the Flatlands.<br/>Sure, stories about poverty and crime may not generate the same page views as locally sourced kale salads and bespoke bicycles. But the tight-jeans-wearing generation (myself included) has income and influence, and we actually do want to read about the storefront churches on Remsen Ave, violence at the Pink Houses and the retired cops and firemen rebuilding their homes in Gerritsen Beach. We may not realize that some of the country's worst urban poverty resides 6 miles down Flatbush Ave. But if we did, maybe our perception of perfect Brooklyn would change.<br/>Your coverage has made Bedford a more globally recognized avenue than Nostrand. Perhaps it's time to change that?This was actually well-written for a Times trend piece (shock)Call me cynical, but I'd love to know how hipsters pay for their artisanal life style.  What's the average credit card debt in these zip codes?I can't be the only one who's fed-up with "hipster" as pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected and nostalgic tastes and styles. A more neutral and precise term for the vendors in this article would be "nostaglists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own courses. The young vendors here seem like dutifully critical thinkers, so I wouldn't call them hipsters. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness and more seemingly affected material choices, but suggesting that they're just followers or culturally elitist is unfairly spiteful. Again, such tastes would only be "hipster" if they were derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical reasoning. There are nostalgic young thinkers, and as with any mass movement, there are some less thoughtful hipsters aping them; let's stop using the latter to smear the former.Dear New York Times,<br/><br/>Please stop writing about Williamsburg. It's embarrassing and you don't really know what's going on.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>Everyone Under 60 and Not Living Between 110 and 59th in ManhattanIn 1969 I went to a wedding, presided over by a minister who later became a TV celebrity, where the bride and groom stripped naked for the ceremony. Many guests joined them in the strip. Those of us who stayed clothed did not bat an eyelash. That would have been impolite then and now.<br/><br/>Funny articled. It managed to bring out the absurdity but also the sincerity and value of hipsterism. I, not hip, live in a provincial hipster neighborhood, and sometimes go to shows by people touring from Brooklyn. Our neighborhood, of course, could never match the glories of Brooklyn. But I appreciated this article without feeling jealous.This was so funny and well-written. Everyone knows the minute you're defined as a hipster you unbecome one.<br/>I'll be laughing for days thinking of hipsters all across the land reading this in horror and  hand-tooling gears to modify their bikes, drinking Japanese soda for the irony, and shaving their mustaches but deciding to grow out their neck hair. For all the defensive and critical comments, I believe the author realizes he is as much as a parody ("avowed Manhattanite"), as those he's poking fun at. For us rubes in the hinterland, both are equally amusing and exasperating. Indeed, anyone taking one's self too serious and carrying lifestyle choices too far have always been prime targets of parody and stereotyping.I can't be the only one who's totally fed-up with "hipster" as a misplaced pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected (and usually nostalgic) styles and tastes. A more neutral and precise word for the people in this article would be "nostalgists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own course. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness, but the people in this article are most likely highly critical thinkers, and  "hipster" has become a cheap way to insult their material choices and perceived cultural elitism. Again, such tastes can only be "hipster" if they are derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashionable opinion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical thought process. There are hipsters amongst these thoughtful nostalgists, but we should stop using the former to bash the latter. Those of us of a certain age can relate to Mr Alford's assessment in the last 6 paragraphs. In the 70's, I visited a house in Oakland/Berkley that was an urban live-in demonstration of what is now known as sustainability. The entire lot was devoted to a garden, fertilzed by chicken manure from the coops. They even had some sort of composting toilets. Afterwards we ate at a "hip" restaurant that served artisanal food before that term became common.<br/><br/>It's all the movement of what was referred to back then (I can assure you, with no irony), as the Great Mandela. Being young gives you the opportunity to view the world as all bright, shiny new. You have little or no historical perspective. Age, on the other hand, forces you to take a more guarded view. Age also offers the opportunity to feed off the energy of the young without getting too heavily indebted to its simplistic idealism.<br/><br/>What puzzles me is how so many of my peers let their idealism morph into the cynicism of the Tea Party.Oh Henry Alford, your writing makes me happy, but while I applaud the shift in values, here's hoping it moves beyond another expensive game of dress up at a very exclusive address.  Didn't Marie Antoinette like to play peasant?  If only she'd gotten out of the castle once in a while and spread the wealth, she might have saved her well decorated neck.My 15-year-old son, who is post-Hipster, says that anyone who calls themselves a hipster is, by definition, NOT a hipster. Sic transit Alford. Hipsters bathe in irony, and thus the second one owns up to the descriptor, it vanishes.As a native 58 year old, I am glad I got to experience NY in the 60s 70s and 80s, when there was more authenticity and "retro" meant Million Dollar Movie, Cole Porter, Gershwin, the Greatest Generation, reading books, all that's old with a healthy dose of all that was new, which was everything. Went to Williamsburg Flea last Sunday, and it was amusing and kind of devoid of character. Like a college town/Greenwich Village exhibit without the pot and psychedelics of the 60s. Boring!!!<br/>I'm glad I was there the 1st time everything "happened".  Anything interesting anyway. This "hipster" phenomena is just a costume, a fashion trend, a mash-up of other people's styles from the perceived past. Hip is in your head, not how old you are or where you live. Affectation is kind of pathetic. Live your life on your own terms!!Meh....what "hipsters" think are new, exciting and world changing - like making your own furniture, grinding and roasting your own coffee, knitting socks, buying boots that last longer than a fashions season, growing (gasp) your own herbs and vegetables, people have been doing in other places for much longer and not because those people thought it was 'kewl' but because they had to. Talk to your grandparents. When making dresses from actual flour sacks wasn't tres chic but of necessity during the Great Depression. Hipsters and their ilk inhabiting Brooklyn, Portland and other hip cities elsewhere have taken what are otherwise normal activities and monetized and marketed them into 'artisanal' and 'heirloom' activities or commodities and then package and sell them to other hipsters trustifarians and upper-class poshers. Precious? Unique? Kewl? Creative? Nah...if anything this entire scene and Brooklyn have jumped the shark with too much self-important earnestness.It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.It will never cease to bother me that Williamsburg--and, thus, "hipster"--has become a shorthand way of describing our entire borough.I'm so sad about this article.<br/><br/>Hip hop was about rebellion, both economic but more cultural. It was predominately the African American community saying, "We are relevant.  We have a different take on things than the majority does.  Walk with us.  See what we see.  You'll agree."<br/><br/>What I was hoping to glean from this article was what is the hipster movement all about.  What is the point?  What's the message?  It seems to be a movement in search of a purpose.  But I could be wrong.  What is the purpose?<br/><br/>It is rebellion from the anti-septic post industrial age through the grittiness of life?  Or am I over reading it?  Right now it just seems to be a bunch of outdated rituals resurrected, i.e. the abattoir.  It seems to be a bunch of college educated people playing at being homegrown and blue collar while nothing could be farther from the truth.  <br/><br/>What is hipsterism about??? Every generation has its "in" thing.  In my early years (1940s and early '50s) the place was Greenwich Village and we were called bohemians.  We sipped ten cent beers at San Remo's Bar and Minetta's Tavern.  If you didn't look and act as if you were connected to the arts, you were shunned.  I wouldn't have been caught dead without my artsy uniform: camel hair coat, turtle neck sweater, dangling silver earrings, Capezio shoes, and black fishnet stockings.  I was trying to look like a budding dancer, and lived in fear of being found out that I was merely a phony who lived in Queens and came over on the subway. I didn't realize it then but we were all playing make believe, young people hungry for acceptance.  Eventually we wound up in the suburbs, married and with kids, the Capezios having become chew-toys for the dog. I wonder what my father, who grew up in Brownsville and thought Pintchik Paint was height of sophistication, would think of all this.As a long ago transplanted New Yorker, I am fascinated by this change.<br/>When I was a kid, people would always get a laugh on radio shows when they said they were from Brooklyn. The Dodgers were known as "Da Bums", albeit affectionately.  Army buddies would laugh at me and ask, "Are you from Brooklyn" even though I was from Queens.<br/>Worst of all, comics and actors would pretend to be from Brooklyn and use an accent that every New Yorker recognized as being from the Bronx, not Brooklyn.<br/>Manhattan stole Brooklyn's thunder 200 years ago.  Revenge can still be sweet, even if delayed.As a life-long, avowed Manhattanite (by birth and by choice), I have to say, this article is hilarious.  What is so confounding about the last 15 years of this "Brooklynism" is that not very many, if any, of the locals venture beyond Bushwick and Red Hook to know what else Kings County has to offer: Spumoni Gardens in Bensonhurst for Grandma Pies, Mona Lisa Bakery and La Vela in Dycker Heights, and yes, even Nathan's for a classic hot dog on the Coney Island Boardwalk.  Or how about some good, old fashioned borscht in Little Odessa?  Sometimes it seems to me these Hipsters and their lifestyle is a conscious reaction to being priced out of the Lower East Side after it, too, gentrified (remember the diversity of Orthodox Jews, Chinese and Puerto Ricans?) and having to relocate to the first stop off the L in Williamsburg.  Where this artisanal, back-to-the-earth, overpriced LL Bean &amp; Filson wardrobe came from, I don't know. But there is a snob factor at play when you walk along Bedford and N 11th to the Wythe.  Hipsters, remember this: no matter what you do, you will always come back to Manhattan. On the L.  Everyone does. Thank you for making my Thursday brighter! Hilarious and true. As someone who lived in brooklyn for 5 years (10 years ago) its always entertaining to see how the Brooklyn aesthetic has been exported around even to central VA !I have to agree that Portland is far more hip than this new East Coast wannabe. The main difference is that Portland kept its unassuming and innocent qualities while Brooklyn appears to be trying too hard to acquire the the hipster feel. What feels natural in Portland feels forced and artificial in Brooklyn.Much like the Tao, if we are speaking of it, we are speaking of something other than it.If you genuinely wanted an article about Williamsburg, why didn't you have someone who actually lives in Williamsburg write one?  You can't tell me none of your reporters live there.  What you got instead is something that maybe belongs in the Travel section: 48 Hours in Williamsburg.  By a tourist from Manhattan.  Ha.  Ha.Painfully naive and patronizing.Bohemian? Hip?  This article is about shopping. I remember hip as being mostly unaware of consumer obsessions while viewing it as mostly pathetic.Wow. The mean age of the Times editorial board is really showing through here. I can sum up this entire article as, "Look! Young people with college degrees!!!" I'm curious if the Times ever ran tongue in cheek writeups on the hippies in the late 60's, early 70's. I'm really not sure what is trying to be achieved here. I think they should stick to fear mongering about head injuries in the NFL and how ADHD medications are the work of the devil.This article has nothing to do with a true Brooklyn experience, and the businesses he profiles are all newcomers to the neighborhood. sigh.<br/><br/>We old-timers avoid Bedford on the weekends, as it has become a parade of tourists, wannabees and poseurs... similar to the author of the piece who thinks he has to play expensive dress-up to make his wayWelcome to the Northwest. All we're missing is are nude waitresses, although there -was- a joint here that tried serving salads using the shrink-wrap-clad midriff of a semi-nude girl as a serving platter. Let me know when you get one of those.  This piece is couple years late, really. Cracking on the hipsters as they say in the urban vernacular, "Is played out."  Oh, it is a harmless new style of consumpsion. Hipsters are not edgy. Funny article.My sons are both in their early 20s, and the oldest lives in Brooklyn. He went to an Ivy League school, as did all of his friends. While some have well paying jobs, most are just scraping along. They may not actually have to shop at the Salvation Army, but it does make things easier when rents are so high, and student loans are astronomical! <br/><br/>These young people do not have the opportunities we had in the 80s, as far as the job market. So they are going back to basics. Simple bikes, not 5000 dollar carbon bikes, growing their own food, flannel shirts. Upcycling on free cycle.  I love their practicality and courage in the face of which might be a bleak future. <br/><br/>My husband and I live on 40 acres upstate, and my nephew actually wants to leave the city, move upstate and turn our wooded land into a working farm! Necessity is the mother of invention, as we know, and these kids are reinventing what their lives look like, and what to expect - work boots, roof gardens, the subway and simple bikes, instead of designer bags, Manolo Blahnik shoes, BMWs, and 100 dollar haircuts. Bravo to them, for being the most clear sighted generation in America today! The New York Times continually showcases and celebrates a mostly white, hipster culture in various cities at the expense of other cultures with long historical roots. Only the new, locavore restaurants are featured in travel articles, and yet despite the supposed emphasis on the "local" the symbols of gentrification receive all the attention over the people and businesses that have been holding the city together and making it unique. In doing so, the Times is one of the worst offenders in the cultural imperialism that makes everybody angry about gentrification.It's not hipster to talk about how much you paid for things. (the Monsanto comment was pretty funny though)why would so many people want to look exactly alike? I'll never get it. Sooo contrived and silly. Oy these comments - you New Yorkers really need to get over yourselves.It's not cool or authentic if it's all just about buying and selling things or looking like or seeming like.  Maybe some Parisians think Brooklyn is cool, but the rest of the USA doesn't.  Brooklyn has just become synonymous in the USA with pretentious and overpriced simulacrums of earnest labor and creativity.  You might as well call Williamsburg "Little Portland" or "Little Cambridge" or "Little Berkeley" or "Little Austin" or "Little Omaha" or "Little Cleveland"   because those places were actually forging the ethos  that Brooklyn Hipsters are emulating and polluting with their overpriced nonsenses. Except that the Burg is so ovah. True hipsterism resides in Bushwick. As someone else said, this article is easily 10 years too late.Henry, sorry to say this, but you still look square!  It's like hunters who don camo smocks and duck hats... the real ducks know what's fake among their midst!<br/><br/>I think its the approach... hipsters don't try hard, it reads here like you were trying too hard... "Mumford &amp; Sons look?  Really?"Thanks for this beautiful generous piece. For the few of us outside of Brooklyn, this provides a help, like Larousse in the 70s.I'm suprised no mention is made of American Spirits! Or Hestia Tobacco?In my modest experience, this sort of attention marks the peak of popularity. Hipness is only hip because it changes often. Branding chases it.Brooklyn has really more to offer than just Williamsburg and Bushwick. Cinton Hill, Fort Greene and BedStuy are much hipper in my opinion and not everyone has to wear a beard, boots and a tattoos in order to fit in. You CANNOT lay this frippery at the feet of Portland! There were hipsters in the boroughs while Oregon was still the Oregon Territory! Bah!This is hilarious!!!<br/>Longtime wbg inhabitant, all you said is true!!! Williamsburg is awesome and a bit ridiculous.(An aside here: I think the photographs in this piece are unusually good.)this isn't cool, its mainstream. this "hipster" look is mass conformity and is seen on the streets of virtually every city. sorry.This article gave me such a good laugh! Brooklyn sounds fabulous, and I agree with you on today's youth. I'm happy knowing they'll be in charge in 20 years.tres kewl."Agrarian-seeming".  Yes, that nails it.  Poseurs, self-absorbed children, these hipsters are presenting themselves as originals, while actually just being contrarians.<br/><br/>Not that there's anything wrong with that.  It's just a different wrapper younger people are putting on, like the flower children, hippies, and freaks of the 60's.<br/><br/>Same as it ever was.San Francisco's Haight, slumbering for a generation, has been reborn in Brooklyn.  Please say doobies are the spots of glue that hold the culture together.  All Hail!Regardless of the other aspects of the hipster scene, please drop the "fixie" nonsense.  A totally impracticable device with no real value on the streets.<br/><br/>Oh, you mean that the fixie craze was never about practicality?True story: Shopping in a Williamsburg boutique, I fell in love with a pair of leather boots. I asked the salesperson: "Are these locally made?" Her reply: 'No. They're made in Manhattan." Brooklyn, aka Locavore City.This makes me angry and disappointed that something like this would come from the Times. Generalizing and stereotyping a demographic, even in the spirit of good-natured barbing, is at best insulting to those you are stuffing into a category - and potentially dangerous as you are fanning a certain spiteful contempt. To the TImes: why do you continue this spiteful coverage about your fellow New Yorkers? Pick on another group. Actually, please don't. Enough already. Seriously. We get it. Beards, artesinal Swiss chard, fixies, craft beer. Stop. Please.I realize this is merely an inane failed attempt at humor, but as a longtime resident of Williamsburg who's decades older than the author, I'm annoyed at how he totally misses the wonderful stuff in Williamsburg today, open to people of all ages, ethnicities, and degrees of hipness.  What about the visual art, theater, dance, film, community centers, great restaurants besides Roberta's (terrific, but it's definitely in Bushwick and the article is titled "Will.i.amsburg"), views of the East River and Manhattan at the waterfront, quirky local stores that cater to all kinds of people (Crest Hardware with its annual art show, the comic book store Desert Island, the amazing Metro Laundromat -- and that's just on one block of Metropolitan).<br/><br/>Obviously I'm overreacting, but people who grew up there and people who moved in just last year love the neighborhood and are tired of these Times articles by clueless people who have no understanding of Brooklyn and don't seem interested in learning about it.<br/><br/>Shallow and unfunny.This has to be the definitive story on Brooklyn. It's brilliant. Hilariously, yet subtly cynical. This precisely illustrates the ambivalent, slightly contemptuous attitude the older generation has toward the heartbreakingly earnest, yet misguided younger generation. You can't help but have some affection for the poor dears. The main problem with this article is that it only looks at this relatively new "brooklyn culture" from the perspective of vapid materialism.  Instead of focusing on the crap you spent money on, it would have been nice to discuss some of the personalities you came across, and focus more on the ideas and lifestyles that are bubbling up in this scene.  As a resident of these neighborhoods you're talking about I can acknowledge that there are plenty of price tags associated with the looks and flavors; but the real joy of living here or spending time here doesn't come from how you spend your money, but from the interactions and energies that are shared amongst residents and visitors.<br/><br/>In addition to the many interesting stores and restaurants, there are many communities of artists, musicians, writers, builders, designers, etc who are bonding together to support one another through the creation of interesting work and ideas.  That is really what is at the heart of this culture.  All these businesses that surround it are the effect of this, but not really it's core.Um what year is it?  1999?  2001?  These people and what this man is experiencing is "Post-Hipster".  I don't understand how anyone could consider the girls on the silly HBO "Girls" to even be Hipsters.  They are so mainstream - so are all these people, so what makes them Hipsters?   Sorry, "this NEW(?) eco-conscious, agrarian-seeming, hair-celebrating nexus of locavorism???"<br/><br/>So, in 2013, an "avowed Manhattanite" explores the parodic stereotypes of Williamsburg hipsters, is a parodic stereotype himself, and passes it off as something new. Now, that's some hipster irony. Thanks, that was hilar.  Obviously, things have changed in a big way since I left NYC in '93.didn't this joke end like, 4 years ago?" so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier, it?s important to sympathize with that Oregonian precursor. Portland is the Lorna Luft to Brooklyn?s Liza."<br/><br/>If Portland -- one decade ago -- is Lorna Luft, who does that make Cambridge, Mass?<br/><br/>Cambridge was this way 40 years ago!<br/><br/>~ You can obviously tell a Manhattanite, but you can't tell him much.Until the last two paragraphs, this entire article proves itself meaningless - the author embraced every bit of being 'hipster' before he even stared his 'sojourn', as he obviously thinks himself much higher in worth than those who are genuinely interested in the cultural movement and activities he explored. <br/><br/>Sure, there are plenty of people who just buy a fixie or go to a butchering class because they think it's trendy, but that doesn't mean that everyone with an interest in where food comes from or in high quality cocktails should be ridiculed as part of a homogenous group.  the beauty of being a 'hipster' is that you don't NEED to explain everything you do or defend why you like something or write an article about why all other hipsters are 'ridic'. <br/><br/>If you have you do that, then you're missing the point.Love this piece.  "Energizes and propels me in the manner of a water melon seed pinched between two fingers" is a simile worthy of Wodehouse!Never thought I'd post this on the NYTimes site, but....<br/><br/>LOLPretty funny, yest somewhat "precious.""First I needed to outfit myself. H. W. Carter and Sons"<br/><br/>[smirks]<br/><br/>Total maj. faux pas. A true hipster goes to Salvation Army; Goodwill; and garage sales.Slightly paraphrasing Martin Gardner, there is no conformist like a twentysomething non-conformist.Oh, Mr. Alford, how your story made me laugh and laugh and laugh. You seem to have channeled my own inner monologue... as a born-and-raised Brooklynite who moved out west when the borough was still best known for its low rents and race riots, my eyes were wide with wonder when I returned two years ago and discovered how hip my home borough had become. I remember the days when I could barely convince my Manhattan-dwelling friends to cross the East River (never mind that they often hailed from some awful place like Oklahoma, or New Jersey), now they're living four subway stops further into "The BK" than I do.  I can practically reach out and rub the Mast Brothers' beards from where i live!
When my father married my mother and moved from Williamsburg to Bed-Stuy in the early 1950s, he was considered a social climber by his friends in the old neighborhood.<br/>  Before his death in 2001, I told him that Williamsburg was now the center of Worldwide Hipness, he said, "It was a slum when I left 50 years ago and it will still be a slum 50 years from now."  If he had any idea how truly cool his old home turf had become, he would be spinning in his grave so fast that an attached turbine could produce enough electricity to light up all of Broadway (the one in Williamsburg, under the elevated J train tracks, not the one in The City, which is what we Brooklyn natives call Manhattan).
Oh relax everyone, this is under Fashion and Style section. It's funny! I actually LOL-ed at work a couple of times. It's not meant to be taken that seriously. Certainly not with the animus that some posters have exhibited on here. <br/><br/>I mean if you're going to characterize people as "shallow" because of what they wear, well.. you could pretty much say that about all of fashion. And who really becomes the clothes they wear? Most of these "hipsters" will move on with life, evolving like the rest of us. I think the term "trendy" is more accurate here as I've witnessed this lifestyle/fashion in Austin TX, here in San Francisco, and as the article mentions, in Portland. <br/><br/>I actually like all this. It brings a smile to my face. Aspects of it are quite hilarious, but for the most part I like that people can be whoever they want to be. A lumberjack in the city? Check!
Funny. I heard the word "ridic" a few nights ago watching "The Lost Weekend". 
Everything about this article is great. 
As a long time Manhattan resident, I admit to really enjoying the atmosphere of Williamsburg. It is definitely new and exciting,  and I find the denizens, hipster or not, to be friendly and unpretentious.  <br/><br/>Most of all, I am grateful that someplace has finally come along and made my neighborhood, the East Village, feel like a fuddy duddy, down market backwater. 
1800's beards and penny farthings on an IT guy. A vintage storefront charging $ 10.00 for a bar of chocolate. Slumming it in $ 200.00 shirts. Work boots that have never seen a day of work. Trucker caps that never been behind a rig. Plaid flannel for a hard days brunch. White trash themed restaurants with high class prices. Setting up farms in the most expensive real estate in the country. This irony laden fantasy land sounds to me like the great parental swindle.<br/><br/>The difference between storied youth / art movements of yore was that they weren't born from completely from irony. When accused of not being innovative, original or courageous, one can always say "I was being ironic, don't ya get it?". Perhaps, this is why both the art and the cooking in Williamsburg still leaves me hungry.
Genius writing. Genius.
Has anyone ever walked around the outside perimeter of a Grateful Dead show?<br/>Same sorta thang going on but costs much more today to replicate.<br/>Jerry wannabes.<br/>As usual, everything that's old is new again.<br/>My favorite bit was turning the spare bedroom into an abattoir-hilar!
The bike isn't a single speed.
Let's get real everyone. If so many of these poser kids, a.k.a "Hipsters", really wished to make significant and substantial contributions to improving society, they would have little interest in the self -serving and narcissistic endeavors this article exposes and spoofs. Unfortunately, I have to work in Williamsburg and see these lost sheep on a daily basis.  They spend a lot of time, money and effort building an image which is just that... If most of these kids could afford carbon road bikes they would be the first ones buying them and singing their praises. If they could shop at Barney's, they would be there regularly. They are just secretly angry and jealous that they got shafted and arrived late to the party that ended in 2001.   Thankfully, I live just far enough away in LIC which has not (yet) been completely overrun by these clowns... It would simply be an overdose otherwise.  Generation Y bother.  In the end, I actually feel sorry for these people in that they have no self identity.  It is a sad statement on how empty these people are to put so much value in such fruitless endeavors.  A true waste of time, talent and ability.  A real pity.  Hopefully the next generation will pick up their slack. Losers. 
I lived in Brooklyn most of my life and despite the celebrity, the recent hipster insurgency has belittled my hometown. Brooklyn has always been a haven for the misfits, the immigrants, the unsure folk. It's now a haven for well-to-do Ivy League graduates who either want more out of life or feel like they're not getting what they want and feel they deserve it.<br/><br/>Regardless, this article kind of makes me hate Williamsburg. Which is a shame because I've always loved it.
Oh, how this article made me miss home. I am a recent East Coast Transplant, and I miss the self-important, only "I am making a difference", DIY-type attitude that I grew to laugh at while living in Portland for 15 years. I applaud the article's slant towards satire. And as the author has stated, Portland has been doing hipster for way longer (and way better). So much so, that Stumptown Coffee had to bring its beans to roast in Red Hook (and sell in Manhattan). Brooklyn does not have the corner on uniqueness, beards (no way in h@ll on that), or overly-priced goods in the name of doing what is best for the earth. My husband and I are stuck here for three years while he completes a residency, but man, I can't wait to move back home. To quote Cake, "How do you afford your rock-n-roll lifestyle?"<br/><br/>Plus, try biking in Portland...
I'll take Manhhattan .  . . And turn it into an isle of joy!
I was in By Brooklyn about a month ago, and they certainly had those products. Maybe they changed their local line-up recently?
Ah, the comments of defensive hipsters are so amusing. If we are to truly understanding that which is "hipster", I think we need to analyze it through a  Bourdeauian reading of the pheonomenon. It is a complex interaction of identity discourses and various forms of capital, articulated through some late postmodern landscape. On one hand amusing, on another indicative of some entitled, completely isolated community. 
It's a long way from the late '70's : when coming back into the country through Tijuana my father was asked where he was born. When he replied "Brooklyn" the border guard said "We'll let you in anyway."  
?Hipster? is a term co-opted for use as a meaningless pejorative in order to vaguely call someone else?s authenticity into question and, by extension, claim authenticity for yourself.<br/><br/>It serves no conversational function and imparts no information, save for indicating the opinions and preferences of the speaker.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, a market myth has sprung up around the term, as well as a cultural bogeyman consisting of elusive white 20-somethings who wear certain clothes (but no one will agree on what), listen to certain music (no one can agree on this either), and act a certain way (you?ve probably sensed the pattern on your own).<br/><br/>You can?t define what ?that kind of behavior or fashion or lifestyle? actually is, nor will you ever be able to. That?s because you don?t use ?hipster? to describe an actual group of people, but to describe a fictional stereotype that is an outlet for literally anything that annoys you.<br/><br/>The twist, of course, is that if it weren?t for your own insecurities, nothing that a ?hipster? could do or wear would ever affect you emotionally. But you are insecure about your own authenticity - ?Do I wear what I wear because I want to? Do I listen to my music because I truly like it? I?m certainly not like those filthy hipsters!? - so you project those feelings.<br/><br/>Suffice it to say, no one self-identifies as a hipster; the term is always applied to an Other, to separate the authentic Us from the inauthentic, ?ironic? Them.
Hipsters will pop up anywhere.
True "hipsters" don't pay $225.00 for a short sleeve shirt.  
This is all very interesting, but the key question is: who is the short dark-haired woman in cut-offs near Mr. Alford walking away from the camera?
UGH! And he looks ridiculous in those plaid shirts. He just looks like an un-cool middle age man.<br/><br/>Now, I am a "hipster"! I was born i Brooklyn in 1948. Will.i.amsburg was an industrial wasteland that most people never visited. But we were all "Brooklyn cool" from Pete Hamill to Saturday Night Fever, to Lundy's in Sheepshead Bay, to the Patty Duke Show ("all the sights a girl can see from Brooklyn Heights"), to Alan Fried rock shows at the Paramount, to Doo Wap, to A&amp;S department store. We didn't need facial hair and "ironic" attitudes. And we were born and bred in Bklyn, not recent transplants!
I was struck by the observation, ?'Brooklyn' is now a byword for cool from Paris to Sweden to the Middle East." I would be delighted to show our foreign visitors the parts of Brooklyn, they would flee in horror. <br/><br/> I'm also amused by the notion that consuming kale is in anyway different than consuming, say, Bibb lettuce, or French lentiles,  It appears that little has changed in the City from the "Man in the Gray Flannel Suit"  and skinny black jeans of the 80s East Village, to Williamsburg's passion for plaid flannel?we identify with one group and then, as Baldassare Castiglione reminded us in the 16th-Century, "Clothes makes the man/woman .<br/><br/>I've always thought of this Williamsburg as a College without a Campus, and, like a college, it can not exist without the very economies it pretends to eschew. The sad truth is that this "imaginary" is not self sufficient and could not exist without dollars coming in truckloads from across the Bridge?whether parents or grandparents, or the cheaper and cheaper energy produced across America from such sinful activities as Hydraulic fracturing or Monsanto seeds. 
It's OK to make you own pickle or your jams. It's OK to prefer vinyl records to MP3s. It's OK to grow a beard. It is OK to ride a bike, or even a fixed-gear one. It's OK to dress like a banjo player. Just don't be so serious about it. It's just a jar of pickles, a bike, a beard... That's what is so annoying about hipsterism. There are plenty of 'causes' waiting to be embraced by young, bright people. 
Jazz musicians were saying "ridiculous" 35 years ago, similarly connoted.<br/><br/>"Bedford Avenue, a veritable ocean of beard"? Must mean the Chassidim. They were there first.
First of all, I took this article to be what it is - a tongue in cheek jab. The old (or not so old I suppose) joshing the young - nothing too serious. Why has it elicited such a charged reaction? Yes, it is condescending. But I'd also suggest that there's actually a grain of truth in it. <br/><br/>Just in case my credibility is in doubt here: I am in my late 20's and have lived in Brooklyn (and not in Brooklyn). I make pour-over blue bottle coffee, wear checked shirts, shop at the co-op, and play the banjo. Satisfied? Oh. And I was raised in privilege, just like most of the people eating at Schmorgasburg and day-drinking at Berry Park.<br/><br/>The new Brooklyn lifestyle described in this essay may have grown out of a genuine concern for the planet and our future on it: the new forms of consumption described by a previous commenter are a lot better than the old ones (I truly, honestly do mean that). But they collectively amount to one culture's mark of privilege nonetheless. It's expensive to buy the stuff being made and/or sold in these neighborhoods (not to mention live in them). Why? Because these are good, high quality items and you get what you pay for. But so are a Mercedes Benz and a Rolex Watch. The difference being that reclaimed hardwood is better for mother earth than a V6 engine. Either way though, we cannot consume our way out of the world's biggest problems, even if the lettuce was grown in the basement.
"Additionally, I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland"<br/><br/>Less fanfare?  You're joking, right?  The NYT hasn't been able to contain itself after discovering the banjo players and beardos of Portland, as written about in just about every Sunday travel section in that past decade.  (I should have known I wouldn't get through - this otherwise entertaining - article without some reference to Portland.)  Irony is, the vast majority of them aren't even FROM Portland.  And a great many are actually from NY or spent time there.
Just because you go to Brooklyn, get a shave from a barber and know who Mumford &amp; Sons is doesn't make you a hipster. I wish someone would write an article about how no one on this planet knows what a hipster actually is. 
I don't know about your description of Roberta's clientele barely batting an eye at something supposedly "shocking." I went to eat there with my transracial family and we've experienced less staring in rural Pennsylvania. I came away with a distinct impression of, well, people not so used to diversity, shall we say...
Hipster, huckster, or "Who's laughing now?"<br/>Henry Alford was offered $2 (or a cup of tea) for his copy of "Hitler Laughing: Comedy in the Third Reich". A quick search on the web yields prices from $33 to $131.<br/>That must have been one very fine cup of chamomile.
Wow, great piece, very capturing with some wit, and the comments too (again, only some with wit, but all very very revealing, and worth reading all).  I feel like the usually mute guy in the TV control room in My Favorite Year when all hell breaks loose at last: "This makes me soooo happy!"
Many commenters are reading this straight, but it's almost Nabokovian in its indictment of delusional erudition. Note the author's obsession with one-sidedly relating what he takes to be his hip wit, actually just instances of him being a jerk to service workers; note the reference to a chocolatier that "makes it a point to wind-sail its cocoa beans from the Dominican Republic to Brooklyn;" such is the author's desperation to elide his island adventure with actual high seas swashbuckling that he conjures up this surely fantastic detail. Presumably the galleon continues on to Zembla, secret King Alford as stowaway. Really a cut above the NYT's usual "Marie Antoinette for the 21st century" culture-trolling.
Visitors from Brooklyn keep mentioning the Mott Haven section of the South Bronx. Is that the next artist haven? My understanding is that artists/creatives of color as well as whites have moved in there.
How many more times can Brooklyn be discovered anew by a reporter who "bravely" leaves the confines of Manhattan to explore the outside world--or, the world just a few miles away, across a river? It's getting pretty old. As is the condescending tone of the majority of articles and reviews in the NYTs covering anything outside of New York. Life and culture exists--and thrives--outside of New York, and Manhattan in particular. Embrace it.
How much was the shave? In non cool Rome it's 7 dollars and I'm quite sure it lasts longer. I assume that some decades ago coolness would sprout in less wealthy places. These times digest things in months. If something becomes cool, in a second it is also too expensive.
Thanks for writing this tongue-in-cheek piece. For all the  "Aren't I superior!"  comments below, don't forget- these are the people who will move the country forward. <br/><br/>I moved from Bleecker street in the west village to Williamsburg,  Brooklyn 1989-1990.  In Williamsburg, our rent was half that of Bleecker, at $400 for a railroad car style apartment. We were surrounded by what looked like bombed out / fire-gutted apartment buildings- blocks and blocks of them- it was like a no mans land, and it was scary.  I went to Sarah Lawrence College and worked full time. I'd love to go back and see what it looks like now! Oh pioneers!
"To get the true Brooklyn experience, it became clear I needed to do some of my visits while riding young Brooklynites? vehicle of choice, a fixed-gear bicycle" <br/><br/>Brooklyn is not one homogeneous borough of hipsters. Williamsburg is not Crown Heights is not Dumbo is not Cobble Hill is not East New York is not Bay Ridge is not Flatbush is not Bed Stuy is not Coney Island is not Canarsie is not Brooklyn Heights is not Vinegar Hill is not Fort Greene is not Midwood is not Park Slope...etc etc etc. Please stop saying "Brooklyn" when you clearly mean "The recent influx of residents in Williamsburg"
Oh goody; a new focus for my daily rage about consumerism! Thanks, Mr. "affinity marketer"! <br/><br/>I do tend to like the spirit of these guys (I drive a single-speed myself - fixies are trying way too hard), and that flapper analogy made it worth reading this funny article. I think people want to do the right thing; it is the hangers-on, the salesmen, who sully what can be a genuine (albeit well-financed) desire to be a part of something bigger. So I try to give these guys a break, assuming at least some of the purists ponder the dissonance created by their earnest beliefs and the packaged, almost twee, manifestations of them. To me, if we judge youth movements by the bigger themes they keep in the culture, we could do a lot worse than old-timey music and sustainable farming. This back-to-basics approach might come in handy once our corporate overlords have no more use for us.
I would love to read a Slouching Toward Bethlehem-type article about this subculture, something that tries to understand what's behind this movement while still pointing out its flaws. Young adults tend to react against what's poisoned in the culture... and many of them do it poorly. But they're interesting because they're old enough to make decisions for themselves but young enough to still reject the soul-killing aspects of the status quo. <br/><br/>But instead the Times gives us a confused puff piece by a snarky GenXer about How Silly Kids Are These Days (contempt for the young is something that will never go away). "Today?s twentysomethings are self-respecting, obvi." What on earth does that even mean? The author tries to deliver a complement to "hipsters" but can't do it without a snarky aside. Ugh! It's exhausting! No wonder kids are trying a less ironic approach to life. Gen X's cynicism is so damn impotent.<br/><br/>I know many people will read this piece and chortle merrily as their prejudices against the young are confirmed. But these kids are trying (&amp; sometimes failing) to figure out new patterns of consumption and production, which seems especially relevant after the Rana Plaza tragedy. I'm not saying there's anything inherently good in this new subculture, but it deserves to be discussed seriously, not subjected to this hackneyed smugfest. I was wondering how long it would be before the artisanal mayonnaise store, whipping boy of the chattering classes, got pulled out. Page 2.
Not sure I get the point of this article. Writer wanders around Bklyn baiting people with snarky comments then says he likes the kids -- huh? Reads like some dreadful Look Magazine "among the hippies" article from 1967. 
Why doesn't this article have the word "irony" or "ironic" in it? Don't you know that you can't have an article that gratuitously rehashes every cliche about hipsters without using one of those words? Maybe "artisanal" is the new "ironic." Because I must say, you've done a fine job being totally pointless while avoiding the use of the i-word.
You can laugh at them, and they can laugh at you. It's a scene, a vibe, an energy. If you don't like it, then don't go. I believe that's the best part of New York (ALL of New York)--there are so many cool scenes to hit up. You can do the meatpacking for some upscale lounging, or the LES for brunch and beers, Washington Heights for hookah and spanish music, Soho for daytime walking and window shopping, Astoria for beer gardens and greek food. And in every case, there's a specific vibe because there are people that wish to socialize a certain way, and businesses that cater to the demand. It's called a community, people. And you can be part of one and simply live in that niche, or you can also visit others depending on the mood you're in. <br/><br/>I believe the only problem is being a poser. No one likes a poser! And that's what this writer did. it's like, dude, just be YOU and enjoy being in Brooklyn. Walk, talk, eat, drink, and chill. If you see something you like, and can afford it, buy it. And If you don't like it or can't afford it, don't hate, just don't buy. Because at the end, you can't bike ride, dress or shave your way into another person's skin. 
Didn't this type of article about Brooklyn become stale a decade ago?  
Henry Alford, your writing is delightful!
If this article has no other merits, it has generated an amusing barrage of indignation from the Brooklyn hipsteratti. 
I have mixed feelings about hipsters, but man, this article was dripping with condescension. What was the point, other than to make fun of people, inadvertently (I hope) harass a few women, and take a picture looking like an undercover cop with a bicycle? There are articles that discuss hipsters as capitalists trying to find a conscience, as people trying to be more responsible about food sourcing, as young privileged kids pushing people out of their own neighborhoods, etc. etc. There are any number of substantial things a person could say about hipsters as a phenomenon. But instead the author put on a costume, ate a bunch of chocolate, interviewed no one, and pronounced the whole thing "so ten years ago."
Take simple things and make them costly and complicated, and you have a hipster. The plain pickle, the good basic bike, facial hair--all have become over-priced, precious pursuits. 
 Spent a recent weekend in Brooklyn.  $225 is about 1/2 the weekly take home pay of the average Tucsonan.  Local food here is beef from grass-fed free range cattle who live on Sonoran desert range &amp; free range eggs are from  Maria, who treats her chickens like her grandchildren.  Lamb is pastured on high desert grassland in Wilcox next to apple orchards.  Tomatoes, pomegranates, grapefruit and oranges grow in backyards.  Plaid shirts come from a second hand  stores and cost about $8.  And the art here--new &amp; edgy.  Music is fresh..  The largest Festival of Books in the country, then the Tucson Folk Festival, street fairs, farmers markets, The University of Arizona's nationally renowned Poetry Center and Center for Photography.   There is a vibrant and engaged progressive community.<br/><br/>A very rich life can be had outside of high priced  Brooklyn.  A 2-bedroom  with a pool near biking paths goes for $800/mo.   Tucson is not the only place outside of Brooklyn like this.  I liked my weekend in Brooklyn.  It was a lovely wedding at the Center for Ethical Culture.  The food is good/ the shops interesting.  I do wish that the definition of "hipster" included a sensibility to the cultural cost of the $225 shirt, the limits of a local roof garden foodie movement that is fueled by wine and martinis and considers bartering a 'new' form of commerce.  Considering the plaid; my grandfather who homesteaded in the Dakota Territory owned tractor plaid and Sunday plaid shirts.   Both flannel.
This guy is way late for the 'Hipster exploitation' party. It has been done sooooo many times, and in a much more clever fashion. His puns are washed up and outdated and he is severely out of touch with anything that has to do with Brooklyn.<br/><br/> Brooklyn is a wonderful borough that has many things to offer its residents, including assurance one will not have to cohabitate with a condescending stereotyper such as the author of this washed up article. The term 'Hipster' alone has been boiled down to mean absolutely nothing real. When you lack creativity, you dust the cobwebs off this word and toss it around to amuse those who are equally outdated as yourself. <br/><br/> The last time I checked, my 'HipsterHood' in Williamsburg is also inhabited by Dominican and Puerto Rican families who own businesses and have been here for generations. I love the fact that so many people from different backgrounds can live among one another and keep the neighborhood thriving with small businesses. There are very few corporate powerhouses in Williamsburg.. There isn't even a Starbucks!! <br/><br/>Big ups to these young, forward thinking women and men who keep ALL of Brooklyn pumping with innovative and quality driven small businesses that provide people with an alternative to the mediocrity that  huge corporations churn out. <br/><br/>Also.. This guy called it 'Bedford St'. It's Bedford ave, bro.. Bedford St is in the LES where the 'Hipsters' pay twice the amount of rent as their brethren across the river.
"Portland is Lorna Luft to Brooklyn's Liza." Who are these people? Must be a Manhattan inside joke. 
I'd still rather live in a neighborhood where this kind of silly ostentation is lavished on adults (Williamsburg) than on 6-month old babies (Park Slope). 
How many times can one beat a dead horse? A hipster is not someone narrowed down by a person from a geographic region, race, age, or style of clothing or materia that draws them.<br/>The hipster is all about independent aesthic appeal without the gross mass commercialism. Unfortunately for Alford, he doesn't see the substance that drives this style. When I view the slide show he looks awkward  spending so much to attain the current bohemnian image.<br/>One does not need to spend rediculous amount of money on the 'latest fix gear bike" or artisinal cheese or attain style.
Finger on the pulse, NYT, finger on the pulse.
People poking fun at this article seem to forget that the New York Times is a national, if not international, newspaper .  The world does exist outside of New York, fellow New Yorkers, and this gives those people an opportunity to have a glimpse inside one of the many unique aspects of our city.  Great article!  Also wanted to say that Carytown in Richmond has that similar Williamsburg vibe for anyone interested in seeing the southern version of "hipster".
I'm trying to figure out whether this article is a joke or not.  Apparently it's not.  Try my neighborhood, ya hipster, and have fun at burning man.
Portland's Lorna Luft to Brookyln's Liza?  Give me a break, we don't even know or really care about either of these folks.<br/><br/>From the perspective of someone who has spent a lot of time for work and family in Brooklyn/NYC but now lives with my young family (two kids) in Portland, is is clear that the author does not understand Portland or the role that NYT's extensive coverage of my adopted city over the last five years have shaped Brooklyn's current hipster phenomena.   The coverage, both in the NYT's and with Portlandia have become a self fulfilling prophecy for Brooklyn. <br/><br/>While folks hear are flattered (and often mystified) by the extensive coverage of PDX (how people here often refer to portland) in the NYT's-  the fact is they don't really care about what is happening in NYC or Brooklyn.   <br/><br/>Reading this all from afar is at least amusing, like reading an article on Germans who are really into dressing in western cowboy clothes.   The author's  Brooklyn hipsters and the German Cowboys may be more "authentically" attired  those who actually work on the ranch but they also fundamentally don't get it.   <br/><br/>This is really about a way of life and and environment that supports it, not what shirt or $200 jacket you wear. 
Wow... such in-depth reporting of life in Williamsburg. FYI, H. W. Carter and Sons opened a whole month ago. This article is nothing but recycled, unnecessary blather. Williamsburg is SOHO: sold out, overcrowded and over- hyped to the point of extinction. 
Being from Brooklyn has ALWAYS been COOL!  People from other places, mostly Manhattan, are just beginning to get it!
Incredibly lazy. Way to go for the low-hanging fruit. An exhausting slog through obvious and banal stereotypes. Dear NYT: Leave Brooklyn alone. And maybe PDX too. Just for a couple months. Please?
That's a long adventurous story.  What's Beebe, AR like?  It's a quiet town dotted with flea markets, and at night it's soothing to sit on the porch and listen to the occasional wail of the freight trains.
Everyone is trying to say what the real problem of this article is, but is missing it. The real problem is that Henry Alford came to Williamsburg and was rude to everyone and received nothing but niceness in return.
Everyone in Williamsburg seems to be from the flyover states, which means they are all trying too hard.<br/><br/>A friend told me that hipsters move to Brooklyn from the Mid West and start talking in Brooklyn accents. This is hilarious to me, as I am not ashamed of my accent, but I not proud of it either.<br/><br/>Brooklyn-born here...
oh, now i know what they call those silly old lady bikes everyone is so crazy about ...
I grew up outside of Pittsburgh in a blue collar, recently-immigrated family of mill workers and steam fitters. We all ate vegetables from our gardens, minimized waste reusing things beyond their capabilities, shopped at thrift stores for clothing to save money, and had our 'artisinal meats' in the form of pig and lamb roasts at family holidays.<br/><br/>Then, I moved to the 'big city' (Pittsburgh), where you see many people pursuing the lifestyle depicted in this article. I went to grad school, bought a house (yes you can still do that here), and planted my garden. I continue to try to be conscious of the environment and minimize my waste and try to purchase things that will last. I also probably still dress like I'm a part of the family construction business, and yes, I sport the beard as one must in grad school.<br/><br/>The only difference is that now my lifestyle is deemed COOL!!! Viva la hipster!!
Everybody just get back to work.  If you're tryingto craft some witty put-down to add to this thread, you have too much free time.  Go get some fresh air and find something worth doing...  
". . . I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier . . . ."<br/><br/>I suppose "less fanfare" is a way of saying more sincerity and less pretension.
This article -- with its breathless, "discovery mode" voice -- is about as relevant as an article about hippies in the East Village would have been ... in 1973.
This article reminded me of Bob Hope or some other 60s comedian in a hippie costume, wig included. Generations change. And so they should.
Another article about hipsters and Brooklyn?  Please make it stop.
Hipsters wouldn't be so annoying if they didn't think they invented or discovered everything.  They're like the revival of European explorers entering new lands and claiming it as their own, taking a long practiced way of living as their own idea.  <br/><br/>It's wonderful that they support handmade products, farming, local businesses, arts, etc.  But people were doing that long before the hipster invasion.  Growing up, my mom made her own cured bacon, we grew vegetables in our backyard before it was "hip", our clothes were handmade, her friends gave us their homemade pickled lemons and vegetables.  And we lived this way because of a strong food culture and it was economical.<br/><br/>I live in Brooklyn now and I'm a designer.  I also live far from hipster central.  While my neighborhood lacks the restaurants and night clubs that are written on the NY Times, it is also filled with diversity that Williamsburg lacks.  I can have a meal at a good Mexican restaurant (anyone from the west coast knows how hard it is to find good Mexican food in NY), shop for groceries at inexpensive Asian markets, buy classic Italian cookies, go to the local park on a nice day.  <br/><br/>I never liked homogenous lifestyles, everyone dressing identically to fit in.  The point of being unique is to be yourself.<br/>Williamsburg hipsters, with all their styled coolness is too intentional.  It's ironic.  
This is one of the most condescending and disappointing articles I have ever read at the NY Times. Mr. Alford thinks it's somehow appropriate to grossly stereotype an entire culture, borough, and generation because he believes he shares a superficial racial similarity to them. Imagine if he had written the exact same article about Harlem (dress me up so I look like I'm mixing some beats") or Flushing, Alford would never be allowed to write for the Times again. <br/><br/>Cultural satire is only barely appropriate when you are satirizing your own culture, otherwise it's incredibly dangerous and promotes bigotry (even in the horribly patronizing ending to the article), and judging from the more spiteful and ignorant comments in this thread, mission accomplished. The goal of these painfully unfunny articles is always to emphasize the culturally elite and entitled attitude of so-called "hipsterism," yet I can think of nothing more entitled than a 50-year old openly mocking the retailers, service workers, and teachers (oftentimes overeducated and underpaid) for the sake of a trend piece?a four year late one, at that?for a newspaper that desperately seeks the same audience it ridicules.<br/><br/>Every culture and every generation will have people who are smart and stupid, thoughtful and superficial, rich and poor. Young people in Brooklyn (or anywhere for that matter) do not deserve to be ridiculed or condescended to just because of the particular trends their generation has happened to fall into.
[part 2] A  perceptive Manhattanite would notice how when you go out to dinner there, everyone has produced their iphones and blackberries on a restaurant table and check  them frenetically. Whereas people in Brooklyn actually seem to be laughing and enjoying other's company ! A radical concept I know. Nor is your selection of restaurants the defining factor in your identity or your social calendar - there are plenty of other things to do in the borough.<br/><br/>And those Brooklynites on their fixed speed bikes and goofy hats, when they get to the waterfront or the Propsect Park or Brooklyn Bridge Park - actually seem to be having fun and relaxing <br/><br/>I recently went to a party in Brooklyn where she invited her parents and relatives over, brought in her friend's 1920's jazz band to provide the music and cooked 10 courses herself. The next night I stop by a Manhattan party in a tenth story SoHo loft with hired DJ and bartender service. For all the pomp and price tag of the latter, the underlying energy was soulless. <br/><br/>As Gibbon said about the Roman Empire, so has happened to Manhattan living: "The form was still the same, but the animating spirit and vitality had left it long ago". It moved across the East River.<br/>Some may have co-opted and turned into a gimmick, or cashed in on it, but for the most part the spirit is alive and well and making life in the BK great. Please go back across the river and don't come back if you view Brooklyn through your nostrils. 
The DIY, farming, goodwill-shopping, bartering search for authenticity is, in my view, a result of the deep bewilderment and lack of security that many 20-and-30-somethings feel as a result of emerging into an adult world where getting a good job can be like winning the lottery, where having a job that feels morally and socially satisfying means earning barely enough to scrape by, with no opportunity for advancement, and where we feel like the life we'd been promised if we just did all the right things has slipped through our fingers like vapor.<br/>The "hipsterism" described here is one way of reacting to this cultural and generational phenomenon.  Much of it is, in fact, the result of real questioning, searching, seeking.  The return to "authenticity" obviously has its roots in some real human yearning, or it wouldn't have caught on.  With the promise of success so intangible and slippery, we want something real and solid to feel beneath our hands.  That handmade furniture is built to feel a sense of accomplishment, to confirm that yes, we do exist.  We can contribute. There is a world out there we can inhabit.<br/>The criticism comes when this lifestyle morphs into only glorified consumption.  Everyone knows you cannot buy authenticity.  So lets be sure to keep our criticisms to the consumers only (like the author), and reserve our respect for the true seekers and producers trying to make their own authentic way in the world.
Hiptsters, who are they? Where do they come from where are they going? What drives them? Who, what, when, where, why, ad nauseum! The hipster "question"...enough already! This word is so over used it's become thread bare and cannot possibly hold any meaning. How about someone try writing an article about what's actually happening somewhere? No more of these smug wink and nod articles about nothing.
Oh, pish-posh. V. fun article. And, having been to Roberta's, yes, the entrance is amazingly ugly and a little forbidding to the visitor unaccustomed to the place. That whole block looks like a set from some end of times movie. The thing is; let's just pick the ugliest places and send all the cool kids there. New Delhi: get ready. 
While reading the piece, I was struck by the incessant consumerism. It would seem that one must purchase the "right" shoes, shirts, pants, glasses, haircut, beard, 'stache, food,etc. in order to "fit in". In other words, consumerism (whether "locavore" or not) and conformity seem to be the prevailing norms. <br/><br/>In my opinion, this sort of preening (and rather expensive) epicureanism has little to do with NYC's bohemian pedigree.  
Please don't think of us. Please stop mentioning us. Please just move on. 
After reading this harmless little article about a great city I was confused about where all the negativity in the comments was coming from.  Was the anger over the story a result of untruths and distortions or merely a reflection of the winter weather that continues to grip much of the nation?  Only until I perused the accompanying slide show was I finally able to formulate a hypothesis about the source of the anger the story provoked.  <br/><br/>After considering all the options, all signs point to the nasty snark being a product of the fact that Brooklyn is home to the barber that did what they did to the writer's hair.  I too would be infuriated if the hometown that I loved where to give shelter, if not support, to a stylist that would pull such a cruel prank on an unsuspecting writer searching for a story.  Sure the clothes are dumb (but cheap) and the ensemble worn by the author is irritating simply because it exists on earth.  And one could grow weary of a town's culinary scene being represented solely by pagen-made, vegan, gluten and sugar-free, organic, kale/walnut cookies sprinkled with nutritional yeast and covered by lentil paste frosting.  But one look at the locks that remained after the author's visit to the salon made it clear to me that the comments would have taken a much different tone if the 1930's German hair style had never the light of Brooklyn's neighborhoods.
Funny. My question is, who will be living in those wonderful "luxury condos" on Kent once the hispters discover and ruin Philadelphia, Baltimore, Wilmington, Kirkuk, or wherever else?
What happens to aging hippies?<br/><br/>They break their hipsters. 
A visit to these faux-hipster enclaves that this author seems pathetically fascinated by reveals how absurdly time-consuming and expensive it is to live a life appearing that you spend no time or money doing so.<br/><br/>This article is a pathetic gloss-over of the real spirit of Brooklyn to instead focus on an obnoxious enclave of twenty-somethings living off their parents checkbooks for the sake of being "individualistic" (hence why they all look identical). I can literally tolerate a pretentious Wall Street banker stepping out of his town car in an Armani suit more than the hippie-dippie "here's my $250 shirt that looks like it's old and cheap" crowd. At least the former is upfront.<br/><br/>Here's a suggestion: go out and write a story about people and neighborhoods in Brooklyn who are actually interesting...not just the ones who are so good at buying the elitist nonsense the NYTimes throws at them (but all in the name of living a life that rejects mainstream capitalism, right...?)
My daughter and her friends--native Manhattanites or transplants from elsewhere--are part of this latest version of bohemia and, like the author of this hilarious article, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them!  They are the sweetest, caring, funny, smart, talented bunch of 20-somethings I've seen in a long time.  It doesn't matter what they wear or eat or whether they live in Bushwick, Williamsburg, or beyond, it's their character that matters.  Keep it up, kids!
It's much too easy and obvious these days to write a piece about the ironies of hipsterism, or to mock yourself (perhaps not even in earnest) for not being "with it."  Had this been penned a decade ago, it would've been much more enlightening and entertaining.  Look, for example, at the brilliant "Up With Grups" piece from 2006: <a href="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" title="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" target="_blank">http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/</a>.
With this article, in which a NYT reporter 'embeds' himself for the weekend at the luxe Wythe Hotel in Williamsburg, in order to truly experience hipster life, Brooklyn has officially jumped the shark.  
We owe the hipsters a tremendous debt for getting men out of baseball caps.  The trend of men dressing like four year olds at summer camp -- shorts, sneakers, Tshirts and those caps -- always struck me as one of the worst contributions of my own generation.  Who ever thought fedoras would make a comeback? 
Oh, and another thought.  One a very positive note, the hipster movement has done a wonderful job at raising the profile, and profits I would guess, of "heritage" brands made right here in the good ole USA, some even in Brooklyn.  For that alone, we should all tip a hat.
More proof, if any were needed, that bohemianism makes no sense unless well funded. Rather, it simply doesn't exist otherwise, at least in modern Manhattan (and apparently elsewhere).<br/><br/>What IS interesting is that relevant style-project archetypes, at least from hippie to hipster, uphold traditional, pre-industrial (or low-industrial) ideals: "hand"-involvement rules, whether that of cheese maker, barber, forager, etc. With certain With certain cyber-reality detours.<br/><br/>Well, you're only young and funded once.
[part 1]<br/>As a 31yr old Brooklyn resident ...(Boerum HIll) ...There are some amusing parts to the story (yes the beard and plaid thing can be out of control, and there are lots of people of fuzzy job definitions in Brooklyn) but it's ultimately wide of the mark. <br/><br/>First, calling Williamsburg hipster is a little far-fetched now  - the real starving artist hipster crowd lives in Bushwick/Bed Stuy/Fort Greene.<br/>Williamsburg now  is just the collision of hipsters or wanna be hipsters with money and nightlife. I think calling the Burg hipster now is like calling the East Village bohemian- maybe it was at one point fully so, maybe it is still has those roots,  but c'mon, it's changed since then. <br/><br/>The sad part of this article though is that this Manhattanite revealed everything that's wrong about the Manhattan attitude and why few people my age want to live there. It's all about where you stay (The Wythe) where you shop (choclate stores, clothing places) where you go out to eat (Roberta's) and other exclusively monetary activities.<br/>The fact is, that people my age got tired of that attitude. The Brooklyn attitude is to be  feel like you are part of doing and making something, to feel in a community of disparate individuals with different talents. Not merely hanging with other investment bankers and corporate lawyers who are running to and from work earning money and spending it. 
"Are there any native NYer Brooklyn hipsters?? Or do the kids that were born and raised in Brooklyn just cringe with embarrassment and wonder where these people came from?"<br/><br/>First, no self-respecting native Brooklynite would become be a hipster.  You'd risk the chance of getting pounced on by the kids you grew up with just as soon as you turn on to your old block.<br/>Second, Brooklynites don't cringe with embarrassment.
I was born and lived and loved in Brooklyn my whole life and now I'm tired of hearing about Brooklyn.
Brilliant.  After the are-these-socks-local comment, I had to page up to make sure this was not authored by David Sedaris.  <br/><br/>I now challenge the author to take a baby into Park Slope for a month and write a similar article.
I was born and raised in Brooklyn.  And after 30 years in Los Angeles (yes, El Lay), I still have a Brooklyn accent.  I want to know if being dubbed a hipster is retroactive.  It would be cool!.
Just such an excellent informal essay. I loved the humor in its look at youth mores. I had actually been asking myself, where are the cutting edge places? I had thought of Austin with its South By Southwest Fest, and San Jose with its Stanford U. and Silicon Valley, for example, but it hadn't occurred to me to see Brooklyn as a center of cool; its charms were still sneaking up on me. Believe me, I'm so uncool that by the time I've identified a place or thing as trendy, it's coolness is essentially over.
ur bike has gears &amp; brakes lol
Although this article is well written and clearly researched, I feel as though the joke on hipsters is so played out.  Yes we know they live and breed in Brooklyn and have stretched out to other cities across the US but at this point who cares?  Can't people look at this "movement" with a different perspective instead of just making fun of young people who dress like they live in the 1800's, ride bikes without breaks, and pickle vegetables?  What about the entrepreneurship that has also come with the rise of hipsters?  Young, creative, and talented people are starting to things they love, not what they have to or are expected to do and in this day in age, that sounds pretty exciting to me.  As a part of this generation and the age group usually associated with hipsters, I am proud to be involved with a youth that is taking some sort of initiative (yes I do know that not everyone is this ambitious and some are doomed to constant unemployment by choice) and exploring new ways of thinking, living, and working.  
It bothers me that the photos do not jive with the text - for instance, the clerk in the store does not have a pony tail, the author is not wearing a "short-sleeve, plaid, navy jacquard shirt," the barber is not "a hirsute Mediterranean-looking man with studs in each ear."  Is the author making it up?  What's going on?
Anyone who thinks this was written in complete earnest has never read anything else written by Henry Alford.
We have a bunch of hipsters around here. They grow their own produce, pickle and can from their gardens, are heavily bearded, and are very eco-conscience, using no electricity or gasoline. They are called Amish. Take that, Brooklyn!
"Hipster" has become synonymous with trying too hard, which is the opposite of cool. 
What happened to beatniks?  after bohemians and before hippies -- then flower children.  Youth is wasted on the youhg!!! or not.
The word 'Hipster' should always be followed by 'dufus' - because every single one of them is!<br/><br/>It's not even a real youth movement - at least Hippies, Ravers, etc. knew who they were!<br/><br/>Gen X farts in the general direction of hipsters...
I didn't read all of the comments, so it may have been mentioned. The bike in the photo is not a 'fixie.' Maybe this is a comment on the article as a whole.
Seriously. Enough is enough.  How many times can you write this same article?<br/><br/>You?d think that with 2.5 million residents Brooklyn would have more to offer than beards and stories about hurricane relief?
Glad to hear the author made it back safely from his trip across the mighty East River to the grizzled underworld of Williamsburg, so he could share this platitude-laden adventure of stereotypes and materialism with other sheltered Manhattan-dwelling NYTimes readers.  <br/><br/>The world is richer for his sacrifice and superficial reporting, even if it is over a decade late to the party...
What a bunch of grumps commenting.  This was a hilarous and lighthearted article.  Fabulously well written.  I laughed so hard over your watermelon seed analogy.  Thanks!
Is anyone else sick of hearing about Brooklyn?  The fact that "Brooklyn" has so supersaturated culture, no longer makes it "hipster".
Hell's Kitchen resident, over 60.  Love biking  through Williamsburg and stopping at very original, pleasant restaurants and coffee places, where everyone is extremely nice to very unhip types like me.   
Having lived back and forth between Brooklyn and Manhattan over 23 years , I find this writer's approach outdated. After 11 years in Brooklyn, we moved back to the Village seven years ago when Ratner and Markowitz were devouring homes and shops to poop out their massive brown lump of a Barclay Center. We were tired of not being walking distance to anything and fed up with paying Manhattan prices for the inconvenience. Seven years ago, the dominant cultural forces of Brooklyn were yuppie parents, and first-time restaurateurs and club promoters trolling for cheap space. Much of the borough was still made up of disconnected segments and existing lower-income communities that were invisible to greedy developers. Just as we learned upon our return to the Village that you can't step in the same stream twice, I know that the current Brooklyn is very different from the one we left behind. The Village has become so over-franchised and over-run by college dorms, that it is like one big Duane-Reade-Marc-Jacobs-Chase-Bank-Starbucks-bathroom-line. The Lower East Side is Brooklyn for people who grew up on the Upper East Side. And Brooklyn, which was the new frontier, is now heavily co-opted. Developers are not the same thing as city planners, and developers have run roughshod over these communities along with the hipster pioneers. What is left behind still offers amazing opportunities and resources in both boroughs, but the sassy borough war retorts--either direction--no longer apply.
I had some friends back in 1990 that had a loft in Williamsburg. They were struggling art students-- real ones-- who were able to find the inexpensive space they needed once found in SOHO a generation earlier. At that point, there was nothing  going on in that particular area of Williamsburg. However, it wasn't long after that the hangers-on began to catch on to the area. I remember a cover of the Time-Out NY, "Williamsburg, the new Bohemia?" That was it.<br/><br/>I suppose tharein lies my problem with this Williamsburg phenomenon. Other bohemian cultures and subcultures of the past that would take over a place were actually based in something substantive or real: Grenwich Village, Haight Ashbury, Woodstock... There was a scene built out of a political, social, or historical movement or shift. Willamsburg seems to be built on making the scene. The "substance" of this hipsterism is an afterthought to justify a fashion statement, and an expensive upper middle class white privileged one at that. 
These "hipster" articles are exhausting, but the NY times keeps coming back to this well!  I've discussed this many times with people and we're pretty sure the term "hipster" now means if you're someone who doesn't work as a lawyer or a banker and you've seen an independent movie once in your life. <br/><br/>P.S. there's probably only a handful of native new yorkers in WB so I see these articles exposing the parodies of "hipster" life as a comment on the rest of America.
Thanks for the laughter. It has been a while...
What I find distasteful about this article is that it reduces the 4th largest city in America to an insulting stereotype about a small group of residents. New York is full of all sorts of people that are into all sorts of different things, and no one lives here to be patronized for their choices. I expect more from the Times. 
"Brooklyn movement was done in Portland to less fanfare 10 years ago". Which was mastered 20 years before that in 1970s San Francisco. 
Funny that Williamsburg is taken to be all of Brooklyn.  This author has missed much by not visiting Brooklyn -- from Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, and Bedford Stuyvesant... on down to Sunset Park, Vinegar Hill and Windsor Terrace.  <br/><br/>Williamsburg is just one of more than 50 neighborhoods in Brooklyn which have, thankfully, far fewer hipsters. <br/><br/>I am thankful to have lived in Brooklyn pre-hipster when my neighborhood had a Chinese laundry, an Italian bakery, a Greek diner, a Middle Eastern falafel shop, an Irish butcher shop, a Jewish deli, a Polish locksmith, a Korean grocer, a Bangladeshi newstand, a Jamaican beef patty place, a Mexican taco stand, a Haitian santeria store, and a myriad of other local businesses that gave real flavor to living here.  Sadly, we now have  a myriad of hipster cool cafes, gastropubs and trendy apparel stores -- and I wonder where I might find Brooklyn.
Clearly not everyone shares my sense of humor, but I loved this article - it made me laugh out loud several times. I'm dying to go to the store that barters used books for drinks.
A hipster is simply someone who is so desperate to fit into a subculture that that go to ridiculous lengths (i.e. they conform to absurd, ephemeral fashion trends) in order to do so. It's all about insecurity.
I'm old enough to be the mother of everyone in this article, except perhaps Mr. Alford. For years (decades, even) I've been sewing my own curtains, shopping for clothes and furniture at Goodwill, wearing wool cardigans, growing my own organic vegetables, canning my own jam and pickles, and riding my bike everywhere I can. (And I would love one of those cacao bags in this article.)  I think the writer is a funny, charming guy, yet I think the young people in this article are to be admired. So what if what they are doing right now is thought to be "hip?" They are sick of plastic, fake stuff, and they are trying to get by in the world by making things by hand with care.  What could be wrong with that?   
Brooklyn bohemian? Hardly.  I think the Bronx is the new frontier.  Lookit up!
The most amusing part of this are the indignant comments.
Most of the hipsters I know are "creatives" in advertising. That pretty much tells you everything you need to know. 
Good article, but from my viewpoint, far too laudatory of hipsters and completely ignoring the fact that most of Brooklyn is not very populated by them.  And overlooking that Brooklyn was cool long before there were hipsters; hopefully it will survive their parasitic infestation unscathed.<br/><br/>Hipsters tend to occupy the parts of Brooklyn, like Williamsburg, that are closest to Manhattan.  This is because that's the most expensive real estate, and the cutest little kitschy shops are there, selling highly overpriced and pretentious stuff, like a $225 shirt, or Organic Socks (whatever those are).  Hipsters can afford this, because they tend to be trust fund babies; or have overpaid, non-productive jobs like 'Affinity Executive', usually for tech startups who profit from peoples' poor investment decisions (eg: don't buy Facebook stock).<br/><br/>Hipsters, it seems to me, are like the 60's Hippies (hence the diminutive term derived from that term, maybe), except with no major philosophical cause, other than to be cooler than everyone else.  They also seem to have jumped over some Boomer stages and gone directly to the 'me first' motivation, like Boomers in Reagan years.<br/><br/>So this is, I guess, a rather opposite review of hipsterhood than the article's.  My apologies if I offended with my disparagements, but to me, the word that instantly springs to mind when I hear 'hipster' is 'doofus' (ie: useless twit).
Pity the era of Brooklyn as America's source for tough guys and poets is over.  Time to pass the torch to flyover land!
My son, a teenager who fancies himself something of a hipster, told me that I could be one, except that (in effect) I was too old. I didn't quite realize what a hipster was until I read this. I grow my own cucumbers and pickle them. I have several hundred pounds of vinyl records. I make my own jam--strawberry and raspberry, usually, though last year I made peach-ginger--and I "make stuff," such as the wine rack in my kitchen, a funky entertainment center (looks like a mantel, more or less) for my girlfriend, and the coffee table in my living room. Given that I more or less considered myself a hipster when I was his age, which really meant I considered myself hip, listening to Coltrane, Miles and fusion jazz instead of Aerosmith, reading novels instead of watching tv, and entirely eschewing professional sports for decades (a practice I have now resumed), it seems way more difficult to be a hipster these days. 
Another sad article lauding the superficiality of Hipster Brooklyn.  These stories about hipster wonders only appeal to out-of-towners, transplants who think they've single handedly improved NYC by coming to live here.  Gimme a break!  <br/><br/>Where are the stories on the real Brooklynites whose lives are more meaningful than wannabes in beards, designer 'flannels', 'work boots' and tattoos?  That this mirage of all that is 'Good' in Brooklyn completely ignores the neighborhoods that have been suffering for decades and ignores the working masses who have populated the borough for ages is part of what has been going wrong with this new corporate NYC that continues to become a playground for the rich and self-absorbed.
This is a deeply silly article - the man went on a glorified shopping trip and missed the point. There is nothing precious about what this newspaper seems hell-bent on describing as "hipsterism." What "these kids today" have is a polluted world, a deflated job market, and student loans for an education that promised to put them in the realm of top earners and, instead, leaves them making coffee for baby boomers who can't retire because social security barely exists any longer.<br/><br/>So yes, jobs have to be created, for a world that changed and left poor Henry Alford and his ilk behind. He made an expensive fool of himself only to prove the point that he is out of step.
I don't think this article is entirely fair or accurate. Sure, the culture of hipsters has it's affectations and it's annoyances. But it's simply too easy to pile on the criticism (just like so many others) rather than actually think about it critically. 
Not much about Brooklyn.  Very much a formula based story. For each paragraph briefly describe a Brooklyn business.  Insert a witty comment made by the author. Repeat.
C'mon NYTimes, I expect more from you. Sure, Froo-Froo "hipster" Brooklyn is fun to write about (and lord knows your reporters have written plenty), but what about the gritty, dirty real Brooklyn that lives beyond the East River bank? For every one uber-hip Williamsburger and chic Carrol Gardens resident, there are THOUSANDS of people living in East New York, Browsnville and Canarsie... East Flatbush, Bushwick and the Flatlands.<br/>Sure, stories about poverty and crime may not generate the same page views as locally sourced kale salads and bespoke bicycles. But the tight-jeans-wearing generation (myself included) has income and influence, and we actually do want to read about the storefront churches on Remsen Ave, violence at the Pink Houses and the retired cops and firemen rebuilding their homes in Gerritsen Beach. We may not realize that some of the country's worst urban poverty resides 6 miles down Flatbush Ave. But if we did, maybe our perception of perfect Brooklyn would change.<br/>Your coverage has made Bedford a more globally recognized avenue than Nostrand. Perhaps it's time to change that?
This was actually well-written for a Times trend piece (shock)
Call me cynical, but I'd love to know how hipsters pay for their artisanal life style.  What's the average credit card debt in these zip codes?
I can't be the only one who's fed-up with "hipster" as pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected and nostalgic tastes and styles. A more neutral and precise term for the vendors in this article would be "nostaglists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own courses. The young vendors here seem like dutifully critical thinkers, so I wouldn't call them hipsters. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness and more seemingly affected material choices, but suggesting that they're just followers or culturally elitist is unfairly spiteful. Again, such tastes would only be "hipster" if they were derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical reasoning. There are nostalgic young thinkers, and as with any mass movement, there are some less thoughtful hipsters aping them; let's stop using the latter to smear the former.
Dear New York Times,<br/><br/>Please stop writing about Williamsburg. It's embarrassing and you don't really know what's going on.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>Everyone Under 60 and Not Living Between 110 and 59th in Manhattan
In 1969 I went to a wedding, presided over by a minister who later became a TV celebrity, where the bride and groom stripped naked for the ceremony. Many guests joined them in the strip. Those of us who stayed clothed did not bat an eyelash. That would have been impolite then and now.<br/><br/>Funny articled. It managed to bring out the absurdity but also the sincerity and value of hipsterism. I, not hip, live in a provincial hipster neighborhood, and sometimes go to shows by people touring from Brooklyn. Our neighborhood, of course, could never match the glories of Brooklyn. But I appreciated this article without feeling jealous.
This was so funny and well-written. Everyone knows the minute you're defined as a hipster you unbecome one.<br/>I'll be laughing for days thinking of hipsters all across the land reading this in horror and  hand-tooling gears to modify their bikes, drinking Japanese soda for the irony, and shaving their mustaches but deciding to grow out their neck hair. 
For all the defensive and critical comments, I believe the author realizes he is as much as a parody ("avowed Manhattanite"), as those he's poking fun at. For us rubes in the hinterland, both are equally amusing and exasperating. Indeed, anyone taking one's self too serious and carrying lifestyle choices too far have always been prime targets of parody and stereotyping.
I can't be the only one who's totally fed-up with "hipster" as a misplaced pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected (and usually nostalgic) styles and tastes. A more neutral and precise word for the people in this article would be "nostalgists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own course. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness, but the people in this article are most likely highly critical thinkers, and  "hipster" has become a cheap way to insult their material choices and perceived cultural elitism. Again, such tastes can only be "hipster" if they are derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashionable opinion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical thought process. There are hipsters amongst these thoughtful nostalgists, but we should stop using the former to bash the latter. 
Those of us of a certain age can relate to Mr Alford's assessment in the last 6 paragraphs. In the 70's, I visited a house in Oakland/Berkley that was an urban live-in demonstration of what is now known as sustainability. The entire lot was devoted to a garden, fertilzed by chicken manure from the coops. They even had some sort of composting toilets. Afterwards we ate at a "hip" restaurant that served artisanal food before that term became common.<br/><br/>It's all the movement of what was referred to back then (I can assure you, with no irony), as the Great Mandela. Being young gives you the opportunity to view the world as all bright, shiny new. You have little or no historical perspective. Age, on the other hand, forces you to take a more guarded view. Age also offers the opportunity to feed off the energy of the young without getting too heavily indebted to its simplistic idealism.<br/><br/>What puzzles me is how so many of my peers let their idealism morph into the cynicism of the Tea Party.
Oh Henry Alford, your writing makes me happy, but while I applaud the shift in values, here's hoping it moves beyond another expensive game of dress up at a very exclusive address.  Didn't Marie Antoinette like to play peasant?  If only she'd gotten out of the castle once in a while and spread the wealth, she might have saved her well decorated neck.
My 15-year-old son, who is post-Hipster, says that anyone who calls themselves a hipster is, by definition, NOT a hipster. Sic transit Alford. Hipsters bathe in irony, and thus the second one owns up to the descriptor, it vanishes.
As a native 58 year old, I am glad I got to experience NY in the 60s 70s and 80s, when there was more authenticity and "retro" meant Million Dollar Movie, Cole Porter, Gershwin, the Greatest Generation, reading books, all that's old with a healthy dose of all that was new, which was everything. Went to Williamsburg Flea last Sunday, and it was amusing and kind of devoid of character. Like a college town/Greenwich Village exhibit without the pot and psychedelics of the 60s. Boring!!!<br/>I'm glad I was there the 1st time everything "happened".  Anything interesting anyway. This "hipster" phenomena is just a costume, a fashion trend, a mash-up of other people's styles from the perceived past. Hip is in your head, not how old you are or where you live. Affectation is kind of pathetic. Live your life on your own terms!!
Meh....what "hipsters" think are new, exciting and world changing - like making your own furniture, grinding and roasting your own coffee, knitting socks, buying boots that last longer than a fashions season, growing (gasp) your own herbs and vegetables, people have been doing in other places for much longer and not because those people thought it was 'kewl' but because they had to. Talk to your grandparents. When making dresses from actual flour sacks wasn't tres chic but of necessity during the Great Depression. Hipsters and their ilk inhabiting Brooklyn, Portland and other hip cities elsewhere have taken what are otherwise normal activities and monetized and marketed them into 'artisanal' and 'heirloom' activities or commodities and then package and sell them to other hipsters trustifarians and upper-class poshers. Precious? Unique? Kewl? Creative? Nah...if anything this entire scene and Brooklyn have jumped the shark with too much self-important earnestness.
It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.
It will never cease to bother me that Williamsburg--and, thus, "hipster"--has become a shorthand way of describing our entire borough.
I'm so sad about this article.<br/><br/>Hip hop was about rebellion, both economic but more cultural. It was predominately the African American community saying, "We are relevant.  We have a different take on things than the majority does.  Walk with us.  See what we see.  You'll agree."<br/><br/>What I was hoping to glean from this article was what is the hipster movement all about.  What is the point?  What's the message?  It seems to be a movement in search of a purpose.  But I could be wrong.  What is the purpose?<br/><br/>It is rebellion from the anti-septic post industrial age through the grittiness of life?  Or am I over reading it?  Right now it just seems to be a bunch of outdated rituals resurrected, i.e. the abattoir.  It seems to be a bunch of college educated people playing at being homegrown and blue collar while nothing could be farther from the truth.  <br/><br/>What is hipsterism about??? 
Every generation has its "in" thing.  In my early years (1940s and early '50s) the place was Greenwich Village and we were called bohemians.  We sipped ten cent beers at San Remo's Bar and Minetta's Tavern.  If you didn't look and act as if you were connected to the arts, you were shunned.  I wouldn't have been caught dead without my artsy uniform: camel hair coat, turtle neck sweater, dangling silver earrings, Capezio shoes, and black fishnet stockings.  I was trying to look like a budding dancer, and lived in fear of being found out that I was merely a phony who lived in Queens and came over on the subway. I didn't realize it then but we were all playing make believe, young people hungry for acceptance.  Eventually we wound up in the suburbs, married and with kids, the Capezios having become chew-toys for the dog. 
I wonder what my father, who grew up in Brownsville and thought Pintchik Paint was height of sophistication, would think of all this.
As a long ago transplanted New Yorker, I am fascinated by this change.<br/>When I was a kid, people would always get a laugh on radio shows when they said they were from Brooklyn. The Dodgers were known as "Da Bums", albeit affectionately.  Army buddies would laugh at me and ask, "Are you from Brooklyn" even though I was from Queens.<br/>Worst of all, comics and actors would pretend to be from Brooklyn and use an accent that every New Yorker recognized as being from the Bronx, not Brooklyn.<br/>Manhattan stole Brooklyn's thunder 200 years ago.  Revenge can still be sweet, even if delayed.
As a life-long, avowed Manhattanite (by birth and by choice), I have to say, this article is hilarious.  What is so confounding about the last 15 years of this "Brooklynism" is that not very many, if any, of the locals venture beyond Bushwick and Red Hook to know what else Kings County has to offer: Spumoni Gardens in Bensonhurst for Grandma Pies, Mona Lisa Bakery and La Vela in Dycker Heights, and yes, even Nathan's for a classic hot dog on the Coney Island Boardwalk.  Or how about some good, old fashioned borscht in Little Odessa?  Sometimes it seems to me these Hipsters and their lifestyle is a conscious reaction to being priced out of the Lower East Side after it, too, gentrified (remember the diversity of Orthodox Jews, Chinese and Puerto Ricans?) and having to relocate to the first stop off the L in Williamsburg.  Where this artisanal, back-to-the-earth, overpriced LL Bean &amp; Filson wardrobe came from, I don't know. But there is a snob factor at play when you walk along Bedford and N 11th to the Wythe.  Hipsters, remember this: no matter what you do, you will always come back to Manhattan. On the L.  Everyone does. 
Thank you for making my Thursday brighter! Hilarious and true. As someone who lived in brooklyn for 5 years (10 years ago) its always entertaining to see how the Brooklyn aesthetic has been exported around even to central VA !
I have to agree that Portland is far more hip than this new East Coast wannabe. The main difference is that Portland kept its unassuming and innocent qualities while Brooklyn appears to be trying too hard to acquire the the hipster feel. What feels natural in Portland feels forced and artificial in Brooklyn.
Much like the Tao, if we are speaking of it, we are speaking of something other than it.
If you genuinely wanted an article about Williamsburg, why didn't you have someone who actually lives in Williamsburg write one?  You can't tell me none of your reporters live there.  What you got instead is something that maybe belongs in the Travel section: 48 Hours in Williamsburg.  By a tourist from Manhattan.  Ha.  Ha.
Painfully naive and patronizing.
Bohemian? Hip?  This article is about shopping. I remember hip as being mostly unaware of consumer obsessions while viewing it as mostly pathetic.
Wow. The mean age of the Times editorial board is really showing through here. I can sum up this entire article as, "Look! Young people with college degrees!!!" I'm curious if the Times ever ran tongue in cheek writeups on the hippies in the late 60's, early 70's. I'm really not sure what is trying to be achieved here. I think they should stick to fear mongering about head injuries in the NFL and how ADHD medications are the work of the devil.
This article has nothing to do with a true Brooklyn experience, and the businesses he profiles are all newcomers to the neighborhood. sigh.<br/><br/>We old-timers avoid Bedford on the weekends, as it has become a parade of tourists, wannabees and poseurs... similar to the author of the piece who thinks he has to play expensive dress-up to make his way
Welcome to the Northwest. All we're missing is are nude waitresses, although there -was- a joint here that tried serving salads using the shrink-wrap-clad midriff of a semi-nude girl as a serving platter. Let me know when you get one of those.  
This piece is couple years late, really. Cracking on the hipsters as they say in the urban vernacular, "Is played out."  
Oh, it is a harmless new style of consumpsion. Hipsters are not edgy. Funny article.
My sons are both in their early 20s, and the oldest lives in Brooklyn. He went to an Ivy League school, as did all of his friends. While some have well paying jobs, most are just scraping along. They may not actually have to shop at the Salvation Army, but it does make things easier when rents are so high, and student loans are astronomical! <br/><br/>These young people do not have the opportunities we had in the 80s, as far as the job market. So they are going back to basics. Simple bikes, not 5000 dollar carbon bikes, growing their own food, flannel shirts. Upcycling on free cycle.  I love their practicality and courage in the face of which might be a bleak future. <br/><br/>My husband and I live on 40 acres upstate, and my nephew actually wants to leave the city, move upstate and turn our wooded land into a working farm! Necessity is the mother of invention, as we know, and these kids are reinventing what their lives look like, and what to expect - work boots, roof gardens, the subway and simple bikes, instead of designer bags, Manolo Blahnik shoes, BMWs, and 100 dollar haircuts. Bravo to them, for being the most clear sighted generation in America today! 
The New York Times continually showcases and celebrates a mostly white, hipster culture in various cities at the expense of other cultures with long historical roots. Only the new, locavore restaurants are featured in travel articles, and yet despite the supposed emphasis on the "local" the symbols of gentrification receive all the attention over the people and businesses that have been holding the city together and making it unique. In doing so, the Times is one of the worst offenders in the cultural imperialism that makes everybody angry about gentrification.
It's not hipster to talk about how much you paid for things. (the Monsanto comment was pretty funny though)
why would so many people want to look exactly alike? I'll never get it. Sooo contrived and silly. 
Oy these comments - you New Yorkers really need to get over yourselves.
It's not cool or authentic if it's all just about buying and selling things or looking like or seeming like.  Maybe some Parisians think Brooklyn is cool, but the rest of the USA doesn't.  Brooklyn has just become synonymous in the USA with pretentious and overpriced simulacrums of earnest labor and creativity.  You might as well call Williamsburg "Little Portland" or "Little Cambridge" or "Little Berkeley" or "Little Austin" or "Little Omaha" or "Little Cleveland"   because those places were actually forging the ethos  that Brooklyn Hipsters are emulating and polluting with their overpriced nonsenses. 
Except that the Burg is so ovah. True hipsterism resides in Bushwick. As someone else said, this article is easily 10 years too late.
Henry, sorry to say this, but you still look square!  It's like hunters who don camo smocks and duck hats... the real ducks know what's fake among their midst!<br/><br/>I think its the approach... hipsters don't try hard, it reads here like you were trying too hard... "Mumford &amp; Sons look?  Really?"
Thanks for this beautiful generous piece. For the few of us outside of Brooklyn, this provides a help, like Larousse in the 70s.
I'm suprised no mention is made of American Spirits! Or Hestia Tobacco?
In my modest experience, this sort of attention marks the peak of popularity. Hipness is only hip because it changes often. Branding chases it.
Brooklyn has really more to offer than just Williamsburg and Bushwick. Cinton Hill, Fort Greene and BedStuy are much hipper in my opinion and not everyone has to wear a beard, boots and a tattoos in order to fit in. 
You CANNOT lay this frippery at the feet of Portland! There were hipsters in the boroughs while Oregon was still the Oregon Territory! Bah!
This is hilarious!!!<br/>Longtime wbg inhabitant, all you said is true!!! Williamsburg is awesome and a bit ridiculous.
(An aside here: I think the photographs in this piece are unusually good.)
this isn't cool, its mainstream. this "hipster" look is mass conformity and is seen on the streets of virtually every city. sorry.
This article gave me such a good laugh! Brooklyn sounds fabulous, and I agree with you on today's youth. I'm happy knowing they'll be in charge in 20 years.
tres kewl.
"Agrarian-seeming".  Yes, that nails it.  Poseurs, self-absorbed children, these hipsters are presenting themselves as originals, while actually just being contrarians.<br/><br/>Not that there's anything wrong with that.  It's just a different wrapper younger people are putting on, like the flower children, hippies, and freaks of the 60's.<br/><br/>Same as it ever was.
San Francisco's Haight, slumbering for a generation, has been reborn in Brooklyn.  Please say doobies are the spots of glue that hold the culture together.  All Hail!
Regardless of the other aspects of the hipster scene, please drop the "fixie" nonsense.  A totally impracticable device with no real value on the streets.<br/><br/>Oh, you mean that the fixie craze was never about practicality?
True story: Shopping in a Williamsburg boutique, I fell in love with a pair of leather boots. I asked the salesperson: "Are these locally made?" Her reply: 'No. They're made in Manhattan." Brooklyn, aka Locavore City.
This makes me angry and disappointed that something like this would come from the Times. Generalizing and stereotyping a demographic, even in the spirit of good-natured barbing, is at best insulting to those you are stuffing into a category - and potentially dangerous as you are fanning a certain spiteful contempt. To the TImes: why do you continue this spiteful coverage about your fellow New Yorkers? Pick on another group. Actually, please don't. 
Enough already. Seriously. We get it. Beards, artesinal Swiss chard, fixies, craft beer. Stop. Please.
I realize this is merely an inane failed attempt at humor, but as a longtime resident of Williamsburg who's decades older than the author, I'm annoyed at how he totally misses the wonderful stuff in Williamsburg today, open to people of all ages, ethnicities, and degrees of hipness.  What about the visual art, theater, dance, film, community centers, great restaurants besides Roberta's (terrific, but it's definitely in Bushwick and the article is titled "Will.i.amsburg"), views of the East River and Manhattan at the waterfront, quirky local stores that cater to all kinds of people (Crest Hardware with its annual art show, the comic book store Desert Island, the amazing Metro Laundromat -- and that's just on one block of Metropolitan).<br/><br/>Obviously I'm overreacting, but people who grew up there and people who moved in just last year love the neighborhood and are tired of these Times articles by clueless people who have no understanding of Brooklyn and don't seem interested in learning about it.<br/><br/>Shallow and unfunny.
This has to be the definitive story on Brooklyn. It's brilliant. 
Hilariously, yet subtly cynical. This precisely illustrates the ambivalent, slightly contemptuous attitude the older generation has toward the heartbreakingly earnest, yet misguided younger generation. You can't help but have some affection for the poor dears. 
The main problem with this article is that it only looks at this relatively new "brooklyn culture" from the perspective of vapid materialism.  Instead of focusing on the crap you spent money on, it would have been nice to discuss some of the personalities you came across, and focus more on the ideas and lifestyles that are bubbling up in this scene.  As a resident of these neighborhoods you're talking about I can acknowledge that there are plenty of price tags associated with the looks and flavors; but the real joy of living here or spending time here doesn't come from how you spend your money, but from the interactions and energies that are shared amongst residents and visitors.<br/><br/>In addition to the many interesting stores and restaurants, there are many communities of artists, musicians, writers, builders, designers, etc who are bonding together to support one another through the creation of interesting work and ideas.  That is really what is at the heart of this culture.  All these businesses that surround it are the effect of this, but not really it's core.
Um what year is it?  1999?  2001?  These people and what this man is experiencing is "Post-Hipster".  I don't understand how anyone could consider the girls on the silly HBO "Girls" to even be Hipsters.  They are so mainstream - so are all these people, so what makes them Hipsters?   
Sorry, "this NEW(?) eco-conscious, agrarian-seeming, hair-celebrating nexus of locavorism???"<br/><br/>So, in 2013, an "avowed Manhattanite" explores the parodic stereotypes of Williamsburg hipsters, is a parodic stereotype himself, and passes it off as something new. Now, that's some hipster irony. 
Thanks, that was hilar.  Obviously, things have changed in a big way since I left NYC in '93.
didn't this joke end like, 4 years ago?
" so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier, it?s important to sympathize with that Oregonian precursor. Portland is the Lorna Luft to Brooklyn?s Liza."<br/><br/>If Portland -- one decade ago -- is Lorna Luft, who does that make Cambridge, Mass?<br/><br/>Cambridge was this way 40 years ago!<br/><br/>~ 
You can obviously tell a Manhattanite, but you can't tell him much.
Until the last two paragraphs, this entire article proves itself meaningless - the author embraced every bit of being 'hipster' before he even stared his 'sojourn', as he obviously thinks himself much higher in worth than those who are genuinely interested in the cultural movement and activities he explored. <br/><br/>Sure, there are plenty of people who just buy a fixie or go to a butchering class because they think it's trendy, but that doesn't mean that everyone with an interest in where food comes from or in high quality cocktails should be ridiculed as part of a homogenous group.  the beauty of being a 'hipster' is that you don't NEED to explain everything you do or defend why you like something or write an article about why all other hipsters are 'ridic'. <br/><br/>If you have you do that, then you're missing the point.
Love this piece.  "Energizes and propels me in the manner of a water melon seed pinched between two fingers" is a simile worthy of Wodehouse!
Never thought I'd post this on the NYTimes site, but....<br/><br/>LOL
Pretty funny, yest somewhat "precious."
"First I needed to outfit myself. H. W. Carter and Sons"<br/><br/>[smirks]<br/><br/>Total maj. faux pas. A true hipster goes to Salvation Army; Goodwill; and garage sales.
Slightly paraphrasing Martin Gardner, there is no conformist like a twentysomething non-conformist.
Oh, Mr. Alford, how your story made me laugh and laugh and laugh. You seem to have channeled my own inner monologue... as a born-and-raised Brooklynite who moved out west when the borough was still best known for its low rents and race riots, my eyes were wide with wonder when I returned two years ago and discovered how hip my home borough had become. I remember the days when I could barely convince my Manhattan-dwelling friends to cross the East River (never mind that they often hailed from some awful place like Oklahoma, or New Jersey), now they're living four subway stops further into "The BK" than I do.  I can practically reach out and rub the Mast Brothers' beards from where i live!When my father married my mother and moved from Williamsburg to Bed-Stuy in the early 1950s, he was considered a social climber by his friends in the old neighborhood.<br/>  Before his death in 2001, I told him that Williamsburg was now the center of Worldwide Hipness, he said, "It was a slum when I left 50 years ago and it will still be a slum 50 years from now."  If he had any idea how truly cool his old home turf had become, he would be spinning in his grave so fast that an attached turbine could produce enough electricity to light up all of Broadway (the one in Williamsburg, under the elevated J train tracks, not the one in The City, which is what we Brooklyn natives call Manhattan).Oh relax everyone, this is under Fashion and Style section. It's funny! I actually LOL-ed at work a couple of times. It's not meant to be taken that seriously. Certainly not with the animus that some posters have exhibited on here. <br/><br/>I mean if you're going to characterize people as "shallow" because of what they wear, well.. you could pretty much say that about all of fashion. And who really becomes the clothes they wear? Most of these "hipsters" will move on with life, evolving like the rest of us. I think the term "trendy" is more accurate here as I've witnessed this lifestyle/fashion in Austin TX, here in San Francisco, and as the article mentions, in Portland. <br/><br/>I actually like all this. It brings a smile to my face. Aspects of it are quite hilarious, but for the most part I like that people can be whoever they want to be. A lumberjack in the city? Check!Funny. I heard the word "ridic" a few nights ago watching "The Lost Weekend".Everything about this article is great.As a long time Manhattan resident, I admit to really enjoying the atmosphere of Williamsburg. It is definitely new and exciting,  and I find the denizens, hipster or not, to be friendly and unpretentious.  <br/><br/>Most of all, I am grateful that someplace has finally come along and made my neighborhood, the East Village, feel like a fuddy duddy, down market backwater.1800's beards and penny farthings on an IT guy. A vintage storefront charging $ 10.00 for a bar of chocolate. Slumming it in $ 200.00 shirts. Work boots that have never seen a day of work. Trucker caps that never been behind a rig. Plaid flannel for a hard days brunch. White trash themed restaurants with high class prices. Setting up farms in the most expensive real estate in the country. This irony laden fantasy land sounds to me like the great parental swindle.<br/><br/>The difference between storied youth / art movements of yore was that they weren't born from completely from irony. When accused of not being innovative, original or courageous, one can always say "I was being ironic, don't ya get it?". Perhaps, this is why both the art and the cooking in Williamsburg still leaves me hungry.Genius writing. Genius.Has anyone ever walked around the outside perimeter of a Grateful Dead show?<br/>Same sorta thang going on but costs much more today to replicate.<br/>Jerry wannabes.<br/>As usual, everything that's old is new again.<br/>My favorite bit was turning the spare bedroom into an abattoir-hilar!The bike isn't a single speed.Let's get real everyone. If so many of these poser kids, a.k.a "Hipsters", really wished to make significant and substantial contributions to improving society, they would have little interest in the self -serving and narcissistic endeavors this article exposes and spoofs. Unfortunately, I have to work in Williamsburg and see these lost sheep on a daily basis.  They spend a lot of time, money and effort building an image which is just that... If most of these kids could afford carbon road bikes they would be the first ones buying them and singing their praises. If they could shop at Barney's, they would be there regularly. They are just secretly angry and jealous that they got shafted and arrived late to the party that ended in 2001.   Thankfully, I live just far enough away in LIC which has not (yet) been completely overrun by these clowns... It would simply be an overdose otherwise.  Generation Y bother.  In the end, I actually feel sorry for these people in that they have no self identity.  It is a sad statement on how empty these people are to put so much value in such fruitless endeavors.  A true waste of time, talent and ability.  A real pity.  Hopefully the next generation will pick up their slack. Losers.I lived in Brooklyn most of my life and despite the celebrity, the recent hipster insurgency has belittled my hometown. Brooklyn has always been a haven for the misfits, the immigrants, the unsure folk. It's now a haven for well-to-do Ivy League graduates who either want more out of life or feel like they're not getting what they want and feel they deserve it.<br/><br/>Regardless, this article kind of makes me hate Williamsburg. Which is a shame because I've always loved it.Oh, how this article made me miss home. I am a recent East Coast Transplant, and I miss the self-important, only "I am making a difference", DIY-type attitude that I grew to laugh at while living in Portland for 15 years. I applaud the article's slant towards satire. And as the author has stated, Portland has been doing hipster for way longer (and way better). So much so, that Stumptown Coffee had to bring its beans to roast in Red Hook (and sell in Manhattan). Brooklyn does not have the corner on uniqueness, beards (no way in h@ll on that), or overly-priced goods in the name of doing what is best for the earth. My husband and I are stuck here for three years while he completes a residency, but man, I can't wait to move back home. To quote Cake, "How do you afford your rock-n-roll lifestyle?"<br/><br/>Plus, try biking in Portland...I'll take Manhhattan .  . . And turn it into an isle of joy!I was in By Brooklyn about a month ago, and they certainly had those products. Maybe they changed their local line-up recently?Ah, the comments of defensive hipsters are so amusing. If we are to truly understanding that which is "hipster", I think we need to analyze it through a  Bourdeauian reading of the pheonomenon. It is a complex interaction of identity discourses and various forms of capital, articulated through some late postmodern landscape. On one hand amusing, on another indicative of some entitled, completely isolated community.It's a long way from the late '70's : when coming back into the country through Tijuana my father was asked where he was born. When he replied "Brooklyn" the border guard said "We'll let you in anyway."?Hipster? is a term co-opted for use as a meaningless pejorative in order to vaguely call someone else?s authenticity into question and, by extension, claim authenticity for yourself.<br/><br/>It serves no conversational function and imparts no information, save for indicating the opinions and preferences of the speaker.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, a market myth has sprung up around the term, as well as a cultural bogeyman consisting of elusive white 20-somethings who wear certain clothes (but no one will agree on what), listen to certain music (no one can agree on this either), and act a certain way (you?ve probably sensed the pattern on your own).<br/><br/>You can?t define what ?that kind of behavior or fashion or lifestyle? actually is, nor will you ever be able to. That?s because you don?t use ?hipster? to describe an actual group of people, but to describe a fictional stereotype that is an outlet for literally anything that annoys you.<br/><br/>The twist, of course, is that if it weren?t for your own insecurities, nothing that a ?hipster? could do or wear would ever affect you emotionally. But you are insecure about your own authenticity - ?Do I wear what I wear because I want to? Do I listen to my music because I truly like it? I?m certainly not like those filthy hipsters!? - so you project those feelings.<br/><br/>Suffice it to say, no one self-identifies as a hipster; the term is always applied to an Other, to separate the authentic Us from the inauthentic, ?ironic? Them.Hipsters will pop up anywhere.True "hipsters" don't pay $225.00 for a short sleeve shirt.This is all very interesting, but the key question is: who is the short dark-haired woman in cut-offs near Mr. Alford walking away from the camera?UGH! And he looks ridiculous in those plaid shirts. He just looks like an un-cool middle age man.<br/><br/>Now, I am a "hipster"! I was born i Brooklyn in 1948. Will.i.amsburg was an industrial wasteland that most people never visited. But we were all "Brooklyn cool" from Pete Hamill to Saturday Night Fever, to Lundy's in Sheepshead Bay, to the Patty Duke Show ("all the sights a girl can see from Brooklyn Heights"), to Alan Fried rock shows at the Paramount, to Doo Wap, to A&amp;S department store. We didn't need facial hair and "ironic" attitudes. And we were born and bred in Bklyn, not recent transplants!I was struck by the observation, ?'Brooklyn' is now a byword for cool from Paris to Sweden to the Middle East." I would be delighted to show our foreign visitors the parts of Brooklyn, they would flee in horror. <br/><br/> I'm also amused by the notion that consuming kale is in anyway different than consuming, say, Bibb lettuce, or French lentiles,  It appears that little has changed in the City from the "Man in the Gray Flannel Suit"  and skinny black jeans of the 80s East Village, to Williamsburg's passion for plaid flannel?we identify with one group and then, as Baldassare Castiglione reminded us in the 16th-Century, "Clothes makes the man/woman .<br/><br/>I've always thought of this Williamsburg as a College without a Campus, and, like a college, it can not exist without the very economies it pretends to eschew. The sad truth is that this "imaginary" is not self sufficient and could not exist without dollars coming in truckloads from across the Bridge?whether parents or grandparents, or the cheaper and cheaper energy produced across America from such sinful activities as Hydraulic fracturing or Monsanto seeds.It's OK to make you own pickle or your jams. It's OK to prefer vinyl records to MP3s. It's OK to grow a beard. It is OK to ride a bike, or even a fixed-gear one. It's OK to dress like a banjo player. Just don't be so serious about it. It's just a jar of pickles, a bike, a beard... That's what is so annoying about hipsterism. There are plenty of 'causes' waiting to be embraced by young, bright people.Jazz musicians were saying "ridiculous" 35 years ago, similarly connoted.<br/><br/>"Bedford Avenue, a veritable ocean of beard"? Must mean the Chassidim. They were there first.First of all, I took this article to be what it is - a tongue in cheek jab. The old (or not so old I suppose) joshing the young - nothing too serious. Why has it elicited such a charged reaction? Yes, it is condescending. But I'd also suggest that there's actually a grain of truth in it. <br/><br/>Just in case my credibility is in doubt here: I am in my late 20's and have lived in Brooklyn (and not in Brooklyn). I make pour-over blue bottle coffee, wear checked shirts, shop at the co-op, and play the banjo. Satisfied? Oh. And I was raised in privilege, just like most of the people eating at Schmorgasburg and day-drinking at Berry Park.<br/><br/>The new Brooklyn lifestyle described in this essay may have grown out of a genuine concern for the planet and our future on it: the new forms of consumption described by a previous commenter are a lot better than the old ones (I truly, honestly do mean that). But they collectively amount to one culture's mark of privilege nonetheless. It's expensive to buy the stuff being made and/or sold in these neighborhoods (not to mention live in them). Why? Because these are good, high quality items and you get what you pay for. But so are a Mercedes Benz and a Rolex Watch. The difference being that reclaimed hardwood is better for mother earth than a V6 engine. Either way though, we cannot consume our way out of the world's biggest problems, even if the lettuce was grown in the basement."Additionally, I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland"<br/><br/>Less fanfare?  You're joking, right?  The NYT hasn't been able to contain itself after discovering the banjo players and beardos of Portland, as written about in just about every Sunday travel section in that past decade.  (I should have known I wouldn't get through - this otherwise entertaining - article without some reference to Portland.)  Irony is, the vast majority of them aren't even FROM Portland.  And a great many are actually from NY or spent time there.Just because you go to Brooklyn, get a shave from a barber and know who Mumford &amp; Sons is doesn't make you a hipster. I wish someone would write an article about how no one on this planet knows what a hipster actually is.I don't know about your description of Roberta's clientele barely batting an eye at something supposedly "shocking." I went to eat there with my transracial family and we've experienced less staring in rural Pennsylvania. I came away with a distinct impression of, well, people not so used to diversity, shall we say...Hipster, huckster, or "Who's laughing now?"<br/>Henry Alford was offered $2 (or a cup of tea) for his copy of "Hitler Laughing: Comedy in the Third Reich". A quick search on the web yields prices from $33 to $131.<br/>That must have been one very fine cup of chamomile.Wow, great piece, very capturing with some wit, and the comments too (again, only some with wit, but all very very revealing, and worth reading all).  I feel like the usually mute guy in the TV control room in My Favorite Year when all hell breaks loose at last: "This makes me soooo happy!"Many commenters are reading this straight, but it's almost Nabokovian in its indictment of delusional erudition. Note the author's obsession with one-sidedly relating what he takes to be his hip wit, actually just instances of him being a jerk to service workers; note the reference to a chocolatier that "makes it a point to wind-sail its cocoa beans from the Dominican Republic to Brooklyn;" such is the author's desperation to elide his island adventure with actual high seas swashbuckling that he conjures up this surely fantastic detail. Presumably the galleon continues on to Zembla, secret King Alford as stowaway. Really a cut above the NYT's usual "Marie Antoinette for the 21st century" culture-trolling.Visitors from Brooklyn keep mentioning the Mott Haven section of the South Bronx. Is that the next artist haven? My understanding is that artists/creatives of color as well as whites have moved in there.How many more times can Brooklyn be discovered anew by a reporter who "bravely" leaves the confines of Manhattan to explore the outside world--or, the world just a few miles away, across a river? It's getting pretty old. As is the condescending tone of the majority of articles and reviews in the NYTs covering anything outside of New York. Life and culture exists--and thrives--outside of New York, and Manhattan in particular. Embrace it.How much was the shave? In non cool Rome it's 7 dollars and I'm quite sure it lasts longer. I assume that some decades ago coolness would sprout in less wealthy places. These times digest things in months. If something becomes cool, in a second it is also too expensive.Thanks for writing this tongue-in-cheek piece. For all the  "Aren't I superior!"  comments below, don't forget- these are the people who will move the country forward. <br/><br/>I moved from Bleecker street in the west village to Williamsburg,  Brooklyn 1989-1990.  In Williamsburg, our rent was half that of Bleecker, at $400 for a railroad car style apartment. We were surrounded by what looked like bombed out / fire-gutted apartment buildings- blocks and blocks of them- it was like a no mans land, and it was scary.  I went to Sarah Lawrence College and worked full time. I'd love to go back and see what it looks like now! Oh pioneers!"To get the true Brooklyn experience, it became clear I needed to do some of my visits while riding young Brooklynites? vehicle of choice, a fixed-gear bicycle" <br/><br/>Brooklyn is not one homogeneous borough of hipsters. Williamsburg is not Crown Heights is not Dumbo is not Cobble Hill is not East New York is not Bay Ridge is not Flatbush is not Bed Stuy is not Coney Island is not Canarsie is not Brooklyn Heights is not Vinegar Hill is not Fort Greene is not Midwood is not Park Slope...etc etc etc. Please stop saying "Brooklyn" when you clearly mean "The recent influx of residents in Williamsburg"Oh goody; a new focus for my daily rage about consumerism! Thanks, Mr. "affinity marketer"! <br/><br/>I do tend to like the spirit of these guys (I drive a single-speed myself - fixies are trying way too hard), and that flapper analogy made it worth reading this funny article. I think people want to do the right thing; it is the hangers-on, the salesmen, who sully what can be a genuine (albeit well-financed) desire to be a part of something bigger. So I try to give these guys a break, assuming at least some of the purists ponder the dissonance created by their earnest beliefs and the packaged, almost twee, manifestations of them. To me, if we judge youth movements by the bigger themes they keep in the culture, we could do a lot worse than old-timey music and sustainable farming. This back-to-basics approach might come in handy once our corporate overlords have no more use for us.I would love to read a Slouching Toward Bethlehem-type article about this subculture, something that tries to understand what's behind this movement while still pointing out its flaws. Young adults tend to react against what's poisoned in the culture... and many of them do it poorly. But they're interesting because they're old enough to make decisions for themselves but young enough to still reject the soul-killing aspects of the status quo. <br/><br/>But instead the Times gives us a confused puff piece by a snarky GenXer about How Silly Kids Are These Days (contempt for the young is something that will never go away). "Today?s twentysomethings are self-respecting, obvi." What on earth does that even mean? The author tries to deliver a complement to "hipsters" but can't do it without a snarky aside. Ugh! It's exhausting! No wonder kids are trying a less ironic approach to life. Gen X's cynicism is so damn impotent.<br/><br/>I know many people will read this piece and chortle merrily as their prejudices against the young are confirmed. But these kids are trying (&amp; sometimes failing) to figure out new patterns of consumption and production, which seems especially relevant after the Rana Plaza tragedy. I'm not saying there's anything inherently good in this new subculture, but it deserves to be discussed seriously, not subjected to this hackneyed smugfest. I was wondering how long it would be before the artisanal mayonnaise store, whipping boy of the chattering classes, got pulled out. Page 2.Not sure I get the point of this article. Writer wanders around Bklyn baiting people with snarky comments then says he likes the kids -- huh? Reads like some dreadful Look Magazine "among the hippies" article from 1967.Why doesn't this article have the word "irony" or "ironic" in it? Don't you know that you can't have an article that gratuitously rehashes every cliche about hipsters without using one of those words? Maybe "artisanal" is the new "ironic." Because I must say, you've done a fine job being totally pointless while avoiding the use of the i-word.You can laugh at them, and they can laugh at you. It's a scene, a vibe, an energy. If you don't like it, then don't go. I believe that's the best part of New York (ALL of New York)--there are so many cool scenes to hit up. You can do the meatpacking for some upscale lounging, or the LES for brunch and beers, Washington Heights for hookah and spanish music, Soho for daytime walking and window shopping, Astoria for beer gardens and greek food. And in every case, there's a specific vibe because there are people that wish to socialize a certain way, and businesses that cater to the demand. It's called a community, people. And you can be part of one and simply live in that niche, or you can also visit others depending on the mood you're in. <br/><br/>I believe the only problem is being a poser. No one likes a poser! And that's what this writer did. it's like, dude, just be YOU and enjoy being in Brooklyn. Walk, talk, eat, drink, and chill. If you see something you like, and can afford it, buy it. And If you don't like it or can't afford it, don't hate, just don't buy. Because at the end, you can't bike ride, dress or shave your way into another person's skin.Didn't this type of article about Brooklyn become stale a decade ago?Henry Alford, your writing is delightful!If this article has no other merits, it has generated an amusing barrage of indignation from the Brooklyn hipsteratti.I have mixed feelings about hipsters, but man, this article was dripping with condescension. What was the point, other than to make fun of people, inadvertently (I hope) harass a few women, and take a picture looking like an undercover cop with a bicycle? There are articles that discuss hipsters as capitalists trying to find a conscience, as people trying to be more responsible about food sourcing, as young privileged kids pushing people out of their own neighborhoods, etc. etc. There are any number of substantial things a person could say about hipsters as a phenomenon. But instead the author put on a costume, ate a bunch of chocolate, interviewed no one, and pronounced the whole thing "so ten years ago."Take simple things and make them costly and complicated, and you have a hipster. The plain pickle, the good basic bike, facial hair--all have become over-priced, precious pursuits.Spent a recent weekend in Brooklyn.  $225 is about 1/2 the weekly take home pay of the average Tucsonan.  Local food here is beef from grass-fed free range cattle who live on Sonoran desert range &amp; free range eggs are from  Maria, who treats her chickens like her grandchildren.  Lamb is pastured on high desert grassland in Wilcox next to apple orchards.  Tomatoes, pomegranates, grapefruit and oranges grow in backyards.  Plaid shirts come from a second hand  stores and cost about $8.  And the art here--new &amp; edgy.  Music is fresh..  The largest Festival of Books in the country, then the Tucson Folk Festival, street fairs, farmers markets, The University of Arizona's nationally renowned Poetry Center and Center for Photography.   There is a vibrant and engaged progressive community.<br/><br/>A very rich life can be had outside of high priced  Brooklyn.  A 2-bedroom  with a pool near biking paths goes for $800/mo.   Tucson is not the only place outside of Brooklyn like this.  I liked my weekend in Brooklyn.  It was a lovely wedding at the Center for Ethical Culture.  The food is good/ the shops interesting.  I do wish that the definition of "hipster" included a sensibility to the cultural cost of the $225 shirt, the limits of a local roof garden foodie movement that is fueled by wine and martinis and considers bartering a 'new' form of commerce.  Considering the plaid; my grandfather who homesteaded in the Dakota Territory owned tractor plaid and Sunday plaid shirts.   Both flannel.This guy is way late for the 'Hipster exploitation' party. It has been done sooooo many times, and in a much more clever fashion. His puns are washed up and outdated and he is severely out of touch with anything that has to do with Brooklyn.<br/><br/> Brooklyn is a wonderful borough that has many things to offer its residents, including assurance one will not have to cohabitate with a condescending stereotyper such as the author of this washed up article. The term 'Hipster' alone has been boiled down to mean absolutely nothing real. When you lack creativity, you dust the cobwebs off this word and toss it around to amuse those who are equally outdated as yourself. <br/><br/> The last time I checked, my 'HipsterHood' in Williamsburg is also inhabited by Dominican and Puerto Rican families who own businesses and have been here for generations. I love the fact that so many people from different backgrounds can live among one another and keep the neighborhood thriving with small businesses. There are very few corporate powerhouses in Williamsburg.. There isn't even a Starbucks!! <br/><br/>Big ups to these young, forward thinking women and men who keep ALL of Brooklyn pumping with innovative and quality driven small businesses that provide people with an alternative to the mediocrity that  huge corporations churn out. <br/><br/>Also.. This guy called it 'Bedford St'. It's Bedford ave, bro.. Bedford St is in the LES where the 'Hipsters' pay twice the amount of rent as their brethren across the river."Portland is Lorna Luft to Brooklyn's Liza." Who are these people? Must be a Manhattan inside joke.I'd still rather live in a neighborhood where this kind of silly ostentation is lavished on adults (Williamsburg) than on 6-month old babies (Park Slope).How many times can one beat a dead horse? A hipster is not someone narrowed down by a person from a geographic region, race, age, or style of clothing or materia that draws them.<br/>The hipster is all about independent aesthic appeal without the gross mass commercialism. Unfortunately for Alford, he doesn't see the substance that drives this style. When I view the slide show he looks awkward  spending so much to attain the current bohemnian image.<br/>One does not need to spend rediculous amount of money on the 'latest fix gear bike" or artisinal cheese or attain style.Finger on the pulse, NYT, finger on the pulse.People poking fun at this article seem to forget that the New York Times is a national, if not international, newspaper .  The world does exist outside of New York, fellow New Yorkers, and this gives those people an opportunity to have a glimpse inside one of the many unique aspects of our city.  Great article!  Also wanted to say that Carytown in Richmond has that similar Williamsburg vibe for anyone interested in seeing the southern version of "hipster".I'm trying to figure out whether this article is a joke or not.  Apparently it's not.  Try my neighborhood, ya hipster, and have fun at burning man.Portland's Lorna Luft to Brookyln's Liza?  Give me a break, we don't even know or really care about either of these folks.<br/><br/>From the perspective of someone who has spent a lot of time for work and family in Brooklyn/NYC but now lives with my young family (two kids) in Portland, is is clear that the author does not understand Portland or the role that NYT's extensive coverage of my adopted city over the last five years have shaped Brooklyn's current hipster phenomena.   The coverage, both in the NYT's and with Portlandia have become a self fulfilling prophecy for Brooklyn. <br/><br/>While folks hear are flattered (and often mystified) by the extensive coverage of PDX (how people here often refer to portland) in the NYT's-  the fact is they don't really care about what is happening in NYC or Brooklyn.   <br/><br/>Reading this all from afar is at least amusing, like reading an article on Germans who are really into dressing in western cowboy clothes.   The author's  Brooklyn hipsters and the German Cowboys may be more "authentically" attired  those who actually work on the ranch but they also fundamentally don't get it.   <br/><br/>This is really about a way of life and and environment that supports it, not what shirt or $200 jacket you wear.Wow... such in-depth reporting of life in Williamsburg. FYI, H. W. Carter and Sons opened a whole month ago. This article is nothing but recycled, unnecessary blather. Williamsburg is SOHO: sold out, overcrowded and over- hyped to the point of extinction.Being from Brooklyn has ALWAYS been COOL!  People from other places, mostly Manhattan, are just beginning to get it!Incredibly lazy. Way to go for the low-hanging fruit. An exhausting slog through obvious and banal stereotypes. Dear NYT: Leave Brooklyn alone. And maybe PDX too. Just for a couple months. Please?That's a long adventurous story.  What's Beebe, AR like?  It's a quiet town dotted with flea markets, and at night it's soothing to sit on the porch and listen to the occasional wail of the freight trains.Everyone is trying to say what the real problem of this article is, but is missing it. The real problem is that Henry Alford came to Williamsburg and was rude to everyone and received nothing but niceness in return.Everyone in Williamsburg seems to be from the flyover states, which means they are all trying too hard.<br/><br/>A friend told me that hipsters move to Brooklyn from the Mid West and start talking in Brooklyn accents. This is hilarious to me, as I am not ashamed of my accent, but I not proud of it either.<br/><br/>Brooklyn-born here...oh, now i know what they call those silly old lady bikes everyone is so crazy about ...I grew up outside of Pittsburgh in a blue collar, recently-immigrated family of mill workers and steam fitters. We all ate vegetables from our gardens, minimized waste reusing things beyond their capabilities, shopped at thrift stores for clothing to save money, and had our 'artisinal meats' in the form of pig and lamb roasts at family holidays.<br/><br/>Then, I moved to the 'big city' (Pittsburgh), where you see many people pursuing the lifestyle depicted in this article. I went to grad school, bought a house (yes you can still do that here), and planted my garden. I continue to try to be conscious of the environment and minimize my waste and try to purchase things that will last. I also probably still dress like I'm a part of the family construction business, and yes, I sport the beard as one must in grad school.<br/><br/>The only difference is that now my lifestyle is deemed COOL!!! Viva la hipster!!Everybody just get back to work.  If you're tryingto craft some witty put-down to add to this thread, you have too much free time.  Go get some fresh air and find something worth doing...". . . I?ve realized that since so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier . . . ."<br/><br/>I suppose "less fanfare" is a way of saying more sincerity and less pretension.This article -- with its breathless, "discovery mode" voice -- is about as relevant as an article about hippies in the East Village would have been ... in 1973.This article reminded me of Bob Hope or some other 60s comedian in a hippie costume, wig included. Generations change. And so they should.Another article about hipsters and Brooklyn?  Please make it stop.Hipsters wouldn't be so annoying if they didn't think they invented or discovered everything.  They're like the revival of European explorers entering new lands and claiming it as their own, taking a long practiced way of living as their own idea.  <br/><br/>It's wonderful that they support handmade products, farming, local businesses, arts, etc.  But people were doing that long before the hipster invasion.  Growing up, my mom made her own cured bacon, we grew vegetables in our backyard before it was "hip", our clothes were handmade, her friends gave us their homemade pickled lemons and vegetables.  And we lived this way because of a strong food culture and it was economical.<br/><br/>I live in Brooklyn now and I'm a designer.  I also live far from hipster central.  While my neighborhood lacks the restaurants and night clubs that are written on the NY Times, it is also filled with diversity that Williamsburg lacks.  I can have a meal at a good Mexican restaurant (anyone from the west coast knows how hard it is to find good Mexican food in NY), shop for groceries at inexpensive Asian markets, buy classic Italian cookies, go to the local park on a nice day.  <br/><br/>I never liked homogenous lifestyles, everyone dressing identically to fit in.  The point of being unique is to be yourself.<br/>Williamsburg hipsters, with all their styled coolness is too intentional.  It's ironic.This is one of the most condescending and disappointing articles I have ever read at the NY Times. Mr. Alford thinks it's somehow appropriate to grossly stereotype an entire culture, borough, and generation because he believes he shares a superficial racial similarity to them. Imagine if he had written the exact same article about Harlem (dress me up so I look like I'm mixing some beats") or Flushing, Alford would never be allowed to write for the Times again. <br/><br/>Cultural satire is only barely appropriate when you are satirizing your own culture, otherwise it's incredibly dangerous and promotes bigotry (even in the horribly patronizing ending to the article), and judging from the more spiteful and ignorant comments in this thread, mission accomplished. The goal of these painfully unfunny articles is always to emphasize the culturally elite and entitled attitude of so-called "hipsterism," yet I can think of nothing more entitled than a 50-year old openly mocking the retailers, service workers, and teachers (oftentimes overeducated and underpaid) for the sake of a trend piece?a four year late one, at that?for a newspaper that desperately seeks the same audience it ridicules.<br/><br/>Every culture and every generation will have people who are smart and stupid, thoughtful and superficial, rich and poor. Young people in Brooklyn (or anywhere for that matter) do not deserve to be ridiculed or condescended to just because of the particular trends their generation has happened to fall into.[part 2] A  perceptive Manhattanite would notice how when you go out to dinner there, everyone has produced their iphones and blackberries on a restaurant table and check  them frenetically. Whereas people in Brooklyn actually seem to be laughing and enjoying other's company ! A radical concept I know. Nor is your selection of restaurants the defining factor in your identity or your social calendar - there are plenty of other things to do in the borough.<br/><br/>And those Brooklynites on their fixed speed bikes and goofy hats, when they get to the waterfront or the Propsect Park or Brooklyn Bridge Park - actually seem to be having fun and relaxing <br/><br/>I recently went to a party in Brooklyn where she invited her parents and relatives over, brought in her friend's 1920's jazz band to provide the music and cooked 10 courses herself. The next night I stop by a Manhattan party in a tenth story SoHo loft with hired DJ and bartender service. For all the pomp and price tag of the latter, the underlying energy was soulless. <br/><br/>As Gibbon said about the Roman Empire, so has happened to Manhattan living: "The form was still the same, but the animating spirit and vitality had left it long ago". It moved across the East River.<br/>Some may have co-opted and turned into a gimmick, or cashed in on it, but for the most part the spirit is alive and well and making life in the BK great. Please go back across the river and don't come back if you view Brooklyn through your nostrils.The DIY, farming, goodwill-shopping, bartering search for authenticity is, in my view, a result of the deep bewilderment and lack of security that many 20-and-30-somethings feel as a result of emerging into an adult world where getting a good job can be like winning the lottery, where having a job that feels morally and socially satisfying means earning barely enough to scrape by, with no opportunity for advancement, and where we feel like the life we'd been promised if we just did all the right things has slipped through our fingers like vapor.<br/>The "hipsterism" described here is one way of reacting to this cultural and generational phenomenon.  Much of it is, in fact, the result of real questioning, searching, seeking.  The return to "authenticity" obviously has its roots in some real human yearning, or it wouldn't have caught on.  With the promise of success so intangible and slippery, we want something real and solid to feel beneath our hands.  That handmade furniture is built to feel a sense of accomplishment, to confirm that yes, we do exist.  We can contribute. There is a world out there we can inhabit.<br/>The criticism comes when this lifestyle morphs into only glorified consumption.  Everyone knows you cannot buy authenticity.  So lets be sure to keep our criticisms to the consumers only (like the author), and reserve our respect for the true seekers and producers trying to make their own authentic way in the world.Hiptsters, who are they? Where do they come from where are they going? What drives them? Who, what, when, where, why, ad nauseum! The hipster "question"...enough already! This word is so over used it's become thread bare and cannot possibly hold any meaning. How about someone try writing an article about what's actually happening somewhere? No more of these smug wink and nod articles about nothing.Oh, pish-posh. V. fun article. And, having been to Roberta's, yes, the entrance is amazingly ugly and a little forbidding to the visitor unaccustomed to the place. That whole block looks like a set from some end of times movie. The thing is; let's just pick the ugliest places and send all the cool kids there. New Delhi: get ready.While reading the piece, I was struck by the incessant consumerism. It would seem that one must purchase the "right" shoes, shirts, pants, glasses, haircut, beard, 'stache, food,etc. in order to "fit in". In other words, consumerism (whether "locavore" or not) and conformity seem to be the prevailing norms. <br/><br/>In my opinion, this sort of preening (and rather expensive) epicureanism has little to do with NYC's bohemian pedigree.Please don't think of us. Please stop mentioning us. Please just move on.After reading this harmless little article about a great city I was confused about where all the negativity in the comments was coming from.  Was the anger over the story a result of untruths and distortions or merely a reflection of the winter weather that continues to grip much of the nation?  Only until I perused the accompanying slide show was I finally able to formulate a hypothesis about the source of the anger the story provoked.  <br/><br/>After considering all the options, all signs point to the nasty snark being a product of the fact that Brooklyn is home to the barber that did what they did to the writer's hair.  I too would be infuriated if the hometown that I loved where to give shelter, if not support, to a stylist that would pull such a cruel prank on an unsuspecting writer searching for a story.  Sure the clothes are dumb (but cheap) and the ensemble worn by the author is irritating simply because it exists on earth.  And one could grow weary of a town's culinary scene being represented solely by pagen-made, vegan, gluten and sugar-free, organic, kale/walnut cookies sprinkled with nutritional yeast and covered by lentil paste frosting.  But one look at the locks that remained after the author's visit to the salon made it clear to me that the comments would have taken a much different tone if the 1930's German hair style had never the light of Brooklyn's neighborhoods.Funny. My question is, who will be living in those wonderful "luxury condos" on Kent once the hispters discover and ruin Philadelphia, Baltimore, Wilmington, Kirkuk, or wherever else?What happens to aging hippies?<br/><br/>They break their hipsters.A visit to these faux-hipster enclaves that this author seems pathetically fascinated by reveals how absurdly time-consuming and expensive it is to live a life appearing that you spend no time or money doing so.<br/><br/>This article is a pathetic gloss-over of the real spirit of Brooklyn to instead focus on an obnoxious enclave of twenty-somethings living off their parents checkbooks for the sake of being "individualistic" (hence why they all look identical). I can literally tolerate a pretentious Wall Street banker stepping out of his town car in an Armani suit more than the hippie-dippie "here's my $250 shirt that looks like it's old and cheap" crowd. At least the former is upfront.<br/><br/>Here's a suggestion: go out and write a story about people and neighborhoods in Brooklyn who are actually interesting...not just the ones who are so good at buying the elitist nonsense the NYTimes throws at them (but all in the name of living a life that rejects mainstream capitalism, right...?)My daughter and her friends--native Manhattanites or transplants from elsewhere--are part of this latest version of bohemia and, like the author of this hilarious article, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them!  They are the sweetest, caring, funny, smart, talented bunch of 20-somethings I've seen in a long time.  It doesn't matter what they wear or eat or whether they live in Bushwick, Williamsburg, or beyond, it's their character that matters.  Keep it up, kids!It's much too easy and obvious these days to write a piece about the ironies of hipsterism, or to mock yourself (perhaps not even in earnest) for not being "with it."  Had this been penned a decade ago, it would've been much more enlightening and entertaining.  Look, for example, at the brilliant "Up With Grups" piece from 2006: <a href="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" title="http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/" target="_blank">http://nymag.com/news/features/16529/</a>.With this article, in which a NYT reporter 'embeds' himself for the weekend at the luxe Wythe Hotel in Williamsburg, in order to truly experience hipster life, Brooklyn has officially jumped the shark.We owe the hipsters a tremendous debt for getting men out of baseball caps.  The trend of men dressing like four year olds at summer camp -- shorts, sneakers, Tshirts and those caps -- always struck me as one of the worst contributions of my own generation.  Who ever thought fedoras would make a comeback?Oh, and another thought.  One a very positive note, the hipster movement has done a wonderful job at raising the profile, and profits I would guess, of "heritage" brands made right here in the good ole USA, some even in Brooklyn.  For that alone, we should all tip a hat.More proof, if any were needed, that bohemianism makes no sense unless well funded. Rather, it simply doesn't exist otherwise, at least in modern Manhattan (and apparently elsewhere).<br/><br/>What IS interesting is that relevant style-project archetypes, at least from hippie to hipster, uphold traditional, pre-industrial (or low-industrial) ideals: "hand"-involvement rules, whether that of cheese maker, barber, forager, etc. With certain With certain cyber-reality detours.<br/><br/>Well, you're only young and funded once.[part 1]<br/>As a 31yr old Brooklyn resident ...(Boerum HIll) ...There are some amusing parts to the story (yes the beard and plaid thing can be out of control, and there are lots of people of fuzzy job definitions in Brooklyn) but it's ultimately wide of the mark. <br/><br/>First, calling Williamsburg hipster is a little far-fetched now  - the real starving artist hipster crowd lives in Bushwick/Bed Stuy/Fort Greene.<br/>Williamsburg now  is just the collision of hipsters or wanna be hipsters with money and nightlife. I think calling the Burg hipster now is like calling the East Village bohemian- maybe it was at one point fully so, maybe it is still has those roots,  but c'mon, it's changed since then. <br/><br/>The sad part of this article though is that this Manhattanite revealed everything that's wrong about the Manhattan attitude and why few people my age want to live there. It's all about where you stay (The Wythe) where you shop (choclate stores, clothing places) where you go out to eat (Roberta's) and other exclusively monetary activities.<br/>The fact is, that people my age got tired of that attitude. The Brooklyn attitude is to be  feel like you are part of doing and making something, to feel in a community of disparate individuals with different talents. Not merely hanging with other investment bankers and corporate lawyers who are running to and from work earning money and spending it."Are there any native NYer Brooklyn hipsters?? Or do the kids that were born and raised in Brooklyn just cringe with embarrassment and wonder where these people came from?"<br/><br/>First, no self-respecting native Brooklynite would become be a hipster.  You'd risk the chance of getting pounced on by the kids you grew up with just as soon as you turn on to your old block.<br/>Second, Brooklynites don't cringe with embarrassment.I was born and lived and loved in Brooklyn my whole life and now I'm tired of hearing about Brooklyn.Brilliant.  After the are-these-socks-local comment, I had to page up to make sure this was not authored by David Sedaris.  <br/><br/>I now challenge the author to take a baby into Park Slope for a month and write a similar article.I was born and raised in Brooklyn.  And after 30 years in Los Angeles (yes, El Lay), I still have a Brooklyn accent.  I want to know if being dubbed a hipster is retroactive.  It would be cool!.Just such an excellent informal essay. I loved the humor in its look at youth mores. I had actually been asking myself, where are the cutting edge places? I had thought of Austin with its South By Southwest Fest, and San Jose with its Stanford U. and Silicon Valley, for example, but it hadn't occurred to me to see Brooklyn as a center of cool; its charms were still sneaking up on me. Believe me, I'm so uncool that by the time I've identified a place or thing as trendy, it's coolness is essentially over.ur bike has gears &amp; brakes lolAlthough this article is well written and clearly researched, I feel as though the joke on hipsters is so played out.  Yes we know they live and breed in Brooklyn and have stretched out to other cities across the US but at this point who cares?  Can't people look at this "movement" with a different perspective instead of just making fun of young people who dress like they live in the 1800's, ride bikes without breaks, and pickle vegetables?  What about the entrepreneurship that has also come with the rise of hipsters?  Young, creative, and talented people are starting to things they love, not what they have to or are expected to do and in this day in age, that sounds pretty exciting to me.  As a part of this generation and the age group usually associated with hipsters, I am proud to be involved with a youth that is taking some sort of initiative (yes I do know that not everyone is this ambitious and some are doomed to constant unemployment by choice) and exploring new ways of thinking, living, and working.It bothers me that the photos do not jive with the text - for instance, the clerk in the store does not have a pony tail, the author is not wearing a "short-sleeve, plaid, navy jacquard shirt," the barber is not "a hirsute Mediterranean-looking man with studs in each ear."  Is the author making it up?  What's going on?Anyone who thinks this was written in complete earnest has never read anything else written by Henry Alford.We have a bunch of hipsters around here. They grow their own produce, pickle and can from their gardens, are heavily bearded, and are very eco-conscience, using no electricity or gasoline. They are called Amish. Take that, Brooklyn!"Hipster" has become synonymous with trying too hard, which is the opposite of cool.What happened to beatniks?  after bohemians and before hippies -- then flower children.  Youth is wasted on the youhg!!! or not.The word 'Hipster' should always be followed by 'dufus' - because every single one of them is!<br/><br/>It's not even a real youth movement - at least Hippies, Ravers, etc. knew who they were!<br/><br/>Gen X farts in the general direction of hipsters...I didn't read all of the comments, so it may have been mentioned. The bike in the photo is not a 'fixie.' Maybe this is a comment on the article as a whole.Seriously. Enough is enough.  How many times can you write this same article?<br/><br/>You?d think that with 2.5 million residents Brooklyn would have more to offer than beards and stories about hurricane relief?Glad to hear the author made it back safely from his trip across the mighty East River to the grizzled underworld of Williamsburg, so he could share this platitude-laden adventure of stereotypes and materialism with other sheltered Manhattan-dwelling NYTimes readers.  <br/><br/>The world is richer for his sacrifice and superficial reporting, even if it is over a decade late to the party...What a bunch of grumps commenting.  This was a hilarous and lighthearted article.  Fabulously well written.  I laughed so hard over your watermelon seed analogy.  Thanks!Is anyone else sick of hearing about Brooklyn?  The fact that "Brooklyn" has so supersaturated culture, no longer makes it "hipster".Hell's Kitchen resident, over 60.  Love biking  through Williamsburg and stopping at very original, pleasant restaurants and coffee places, where everyone is extremely nice to very unhip types like me.Having lived back and forth between Brooklyn and Manhattan over 23 years , I find this writer's approach outdated. After 11 years in Brooklyn, we moved back to the Village seven years ago when Ratner and Markowitz were devouring homes and shops to poop out their massive brown lump of a Barclay Center. We were tired of not being walking distance to anything and fed up with paying Manhattan prices for the inconvenience. Seven years ago, the dominant cultural forces of Brooklyn were yuppie parents, and first-time restaurateurs and club promoters trolling for cheap space. Much of the borough was still made up of disconnected segments and existing lower-income communities that were invisible to greedy developers. Just as we learned upon our return to the Village that you can't step in the same stream twice, I know that the current Brooklyn is very different from the one we left behind. The Village has become so over-franchised and over-run by college dorms, that it is like one big Duane-Reade-Marc-Jacobs-Chase-Bank-Starbucks-bathroom-line. The Lower East Side is Brooklyn for people who grew up on the Upper East Side. And Brooklyn, which was the new frontier, is now heavily co-opted. Developers are not the same thing as city planners, and developers have run roughshod over these communities along with the hipster pioneers. What is left behind still offers amazing opportunities and resources in both boroughs, but the sassy borough war retorts--either direction--no longer apply.I had some friends back in 1990 that had a loft in Williamsburg. They were struggling art students-- real ones-- who were able to find the inexpensive space they needed once found in SOHO a generation earlier. At that point, there was nothing  going on in that particular area of Williamsburg. However, it wasn't long after that the hangers-on began to catch on to the area. I remember a cover of the Time-Out NY, "Williamsburg, the new Bohemia?" That was it.<br/><br/>I suppose tharein lies my problem with this Williamsburg phenomenon. Other bohemian cultures and subcultures of the past that would take over a place were actually based in something substantive or real: Grenwich Village, Haight Ashbury, Woodstock... There was a scene built out of a political, social, or historical movement or shift. Willamsburg seems to be built on making the scene. The "substance" of this hipsterism is an afterthought to justify a fashion statement, and an expensive upper middle class white privileged one at that.These "hipster" articles are exhausting, but the NY times keeps coming back to this well!  I've discussed this many times with people and we're pretty sure the term "hipster" now means if you're someone who doesn't work as a lawyer or a banker and you've seen an independent movie once in your life. <br/><br/>P.S. there's probably only a handful of native new yorkers in WB so I see these articles exposing the parodies of "hipster" life as a comment on the rest of America.Thanks for the laughter. It has been a while...What I find distasteful about this article is that it reduces the 4th largest city in America to an insulting stereotype about a small group of residents. New York is full of all sorts of people that are into all sorts of different things, and no one lives here to be patronized for their choices. I expect more from the Times."Brooklyn movement was done in Portland to less fanfare 10 years ago". Which was mastered 20 years before that in 1970s San Francisco.Funny that Williamsburg is taken to be all of Brooklyn.  This author has missed much by not visiting Brooklyn -- from Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, and Bedford Stuyvesant... on down to Sunset Park, Vinegar Hill and Windsor Terrace.  <br/><br/>Williamsburg is just one of more than 50 neighborhoods in Brooklyn which have, thankfully, far fewer hipsters. <br/><br/>I am thankful to have lived in Brooklyn pre-hipster when my neighborhood had a Chinese laundry, an Italian bakery, a Greek diner, a Middle Eastern falafel shop, an Irish butcher shop, a Jewish deli, a Polish locksmith, a Korean grocer, a Bangladeshi newstand, a Jamaican beef patty place, a Mexican taco stand, a Haitian santeria store, and a myriad of other local businesses that gave real flavor to living here.  Sadly, we now have  a myriad of hipster cool cafes, gastropubs and trendy apparel stores -- and I wonder where I might find Brooklyn.Clearly not everyone shares my sense of humor, but I loved this article - it made me laugh out loud several times. I'm dying to go to the store that barters used books for drinks.A hipster is simply someone who is so desperate to fit into a subculture that that go to ridiculous lengths (i.e. they conform to absurd, ephemeral fashion trends) in order to do so. It's all about insecurity.I'm old enough to be the mother of everyone in this article, except perhaps Mr. Alford. For years (decades, even) I've been sewing my own curtains, shopping for clothes and furniture at Goodwill, wearing wool cardigans, growing my own organic vegetables, canning my own jam and pickles, and riding my bike everywhere I can. (And I would love one of those cacao bags in this article.)  I think the writer is a funny, charming guy, yet I think the young people in this article are to be admired. So what if what they are doing right now is thought to be "hip?" They are sick of plastic, fake stuff, and they are trying to get by in the world by making things by hand with care.  What could be wrong with that?Brooklyn bohemian? Hardly.  I think the Bronx is the new frontier.  Lookit up!The most amusing part of this are the indignant comments.Most of the hipsters I know are "creatives" in advertising. That pretty much tells you everything you need to know.Good article, but from my viewpoint, far too laudatory of hipsters and completely ignoring the fact that most of Brooklyn is not very populated by them.  And overlooking that Brooklyn was cool long before there were hipsters; hopefully it will survive their parasitic infestation unscathed.<br/><br/>Hipsters tend to occupy the parts of Brooklyn, like Williamsburg, that are closest to Manhattan.  This is because that's the most expensive real estate, and the cutest little kitschy shops are there, selling highly overpriced and pretentious stuff, like a $225 shirt, or Organic Socks (whatever those are).  Hipsters can afford this, because they tend to be trust fund babies; or have overpaid, non-productive jobs like 'Affinity Executive', usually for tech startups who profit from peoples' poor investment decisions (eg: don't buy Facebook stock).<br/><br/>Hipsters, it seems to me, are like the 60's Hippies (hence the diminutive term derived from that term, maybe), except with no major philosophical cause, other than to be cooler than everyone else.  They also seem to have jumped over some Boomer stages and gone directly to the 'me first' motivation, like Boomers in Reagan years.<br/><br/>So this is, I guess, a rather opposite review of hipsterhood than the article's.  My apologies if I offended with my disparagements, but to me, the word that instantly springs to mind when I hear 'hipster' is 'doofus' (ie: useless twit).Pity the era of Brooklyn as America's source for tough guys and poets is over.  Time to pass the torch to flyover land!My son, a teenager who fancies himself something of a hipster, told me that I could be one, except that (in effect) I was too old. I didn't quite realize what a hipster was until I read this. I grow my own cucumbers and pickle them. I have several hundred pounds of vinyl records. I make my own jam--strawberry and raspberry, usually, though last year I made peach-ginger--and I "make stuff," such as the wine rack in my kitchen, a funky entertainment center (looks like a mantel, more or less) for my girlfriend, and the coffee table in my living room. Given that I more or less considered myself a hipster when I was his age, which really meant I considered myself hip, listening to Coltrane, Miles and fusion jazz instead of Aerosmith, reading novels instead of watching tv, and entirely eschewing professional sports for decades (a practice I have now resumed), it seems way more difficult to be a hipster these days.Another sad article lauding the superficiality of Hipster Brooklyn.  These stories about hipster wonders only appeal to out-of-towners, transplants who think they've single handedly improved NYC by coming to live here.  Gimme a break!  <br/><br/>Where are the stories on the real Brooklynites whose lives are more meaningful than wannabes in beards, designer 'flannels', 'work boots' and tattoos?  That this mirage of all that is 'Good' in Brooklyn completely ignores the neighborhoods that have been suffering for decades and ignores the working masses who have populated the borough for ages is part of what has been going wrong with this new corporate NYC that continues to become a playground for the rich and self-absorbed.This is a deeply silly article - the man went on a glorified shopping trip and missed the point. There is nothing precious about what this newspaper seems hell-bent on describing as "hipsterism." What "these kids today" have is a polluted world, a deflated job market, and student loans for an education that promised to put them in the realm of top earners and, instead, leaves them making coffee for baby boomers who can't retire because social security barely exists any longer.<br/><br/>So yes, jobs have to be created, for a world that changed and left poor Henry Alford and his ilk behind. He made an expensive fool of himself only to prove the point that he is out of step.I don't think this article is entirely fair or accurate. Sure, the culture of hipsters has it's affectations and it's annoyances. But it's simply too easy to pile on the criticism (just like so many others) rather than actually think about it critically.Not much about Brooklyn.  Very much a formula based story. For each paragraph briefly describe a Brooklyn business.  Insert a witty comment made by the author. Repeat.C'mon NYTimes, I expect more from you. Sure, Froo-Froo "hipster" Brooklyn is fun to write about (and lord knows your reporters have written plenty), but what about the gritty, dirty real Brooklyn that lives beyond the East River bank? For every one uber-hip Williamsburger and chic Carrol Gardens resident, there are THOUSANDS of people living in East New York, Browsnville and Canarsie... East Flatbush, Bushwick and the Flatlands.<br/>Sure, stories about poverty and crime may not generate the same page views as locally sourced kale salads and bespoke bicycles. But the tight-jeans-wearing generation (myself included) has income and influence, and we actually do want to read about the storefront churches on Remsen Ave, violence at the Pink Houses and the retired cops and firemen rebuilding their homes in Gerritsen Beach. We may not realize that some of the country's worst urban poverty resides 6 miles down Flatbush Ave. But if we did, maybe our perception of perfect Brooklyn would change.<br/>Your coverage has made Bedford a more globally recognized avenue than Nostrand. Perhaps it's time to change that?This was actually well-written for a Times trend piece (shock)Call me cynical, but I'd love to know how hipsters pay for their artisanal life style.  What's the average credit card debt in these zip codes?I can't be the only one who's fed-up with "hipster" as pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected and nostalgic tastes and styles. A more neutral and precise term for the vendors in this article would be "nostaglists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own courses. The young vendors here seem like dutifully critical thinkers, so I wouldn't call them hipsters. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness and more seemingly affected material choices, but suggesting that they're just followers or culturally elitist is unfairly spiteful. Again, such tastes would only be "hipster" if they were derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical reasoning. There are nostalgic young thinkers, and as with any mass movement, there are some less thoughtful hipsters aping them; let's stop using the latter to smear the former.Dear New York Times,<br/><br/>Please stop writing about Williamsburg. It's embarrassing and you don't really know what's going on.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>Everyone Under 60 and Not Living Between 110 and 59th in ManhattanIn 1969 I went to a wedding, presided over by a minister who later became a TV celebrity, where the bride and groom stripped naked for the ceremony. Many guests joined them in the strip. Those of us who stayed clothed did not bat an eyelash. That would have been impolite then and now.<br/><br/>Funny articled. It managed to bring out the absurdity but also the sincerity and value of hipsterism. I, not hip, live in a provincial hipster neighborhood, and sometimes go to shows by people touring from Brooklyn. Our neighborhood, of course, could never match the glories of Brooklyn. But I appreciated this article without feeling jealous.This was so funny and well-written. Everyone knows the minute you're defined as a hipster you unbecome one.<br/>I'll be laughing for days thinking of hipsters all across the land reading this in horror and  hand-tooling gears to modify their bikes, drinking Japanese soda for the irony, and shaving their mustaches but deciding to grow out their neck hair.For all the defensive and critical comments, I believe the author realizes he is as much as a parody ("avowed Manhattanite"), as those he's poking fun at. For us rubes in the hinterland, both are equally amusing and exasperating. Indeed, anyone taking one's self too serious and carrying lifestyle choices too far have always been prime targets of parody and stereotyping.I can't be the only one who's totally fed-up with "hipster" as a misplaced pejorative for the millennial generation's more affected (and usually nostalgic) styles and tastes. A more neutral and precise word for the people in this article would be "nostalgists." "Hipster" should be applied to people without a habit of independent, critical thought, people who spend more time aping the latest fashions and following top hits rather than charting their own course. Sure, mock their occasional preciousness, but the people in this article are most likely highly critical thinkers, and  "hipster" has become a cheap way to insult their material choices and perceived cultural elitism. Again, such tastes can only be "hipster" if they are derived from external factors, i.e. adopting a fashionable opinion, rather than internally derived from an individual's critical thought process. There are hipsters amongst these thoughtful nostalgists, but we should stop using the former to bash the latter.Those of us of a certain age can relate to Mr Alford's assessment in the last 6 paragraphs. In the 70's, I visited a house in Oakland/Berkley that was an urban live-in demonstration of what is now known as sustainability. The entire lot was devoted to a garden, fertilzed by chicken manure from the coops. They even had some sort of composting toilets. Afterwards we ate at a "hip" restaurant that served artisanal food before that term became common.<br/><br/>It's all the movement of what was referred to back then (I can assure you, with no irony), as the Great Mandela. Being young gives you the opportunity to view the world as all bright, shiny new. You have little or no historical perspective. Age, on the other hand, forces you to take a more guarded view. Age also offers the opportunity to feed off the energy of the young without getting too heavily indebted to its simplistic idealism.<br/><br/>What puzzles me is how so many of my peers let their idealism morph into the cynicism of the Tea Party.Oh Henry Alford, your writing makes me happy, but while I applaud the shift in values, here's hoping it moves beyond another expensive game of dress up at a very exclusive address.  Didn't Marie Antoinette like to play peasant?  If only she'd gotten out of the castle once in a while and spread the wealth, she might have saved her well decorated neck.My 15-year-old son, who is post-Hipster, says that anyone who calls themselves a hipster is, by definition, NOT a hipster. Sic transit Alford. Hipsters bathe in irony, and thus the second one owns up to the descriptor, it vanishes.As a native 58 year old, I am glad I got to experience NY in the 60s 70s and 80s, when there was more authenticity and "retro" meant Million Dollar Movie, Cole Porter, Gershwin, the Greatest Generation, reading books, all that's old with a healthy dose of all that was new, which was everything. Went to Williamsburg Flea last Sunday, and it was amusing and kind of devoid of character. Like a college town/Greenwich Village exhibit without the pot and psychedelics of the 60s. Boring!!!<br/>I'm glad I was there the 1st time everything "happened".  Anything interesting anyway. This "hipster" phenomena is just a costume, a fashion trend, a mash-up of other people's styles from the perceived past. Hip is in your head, not how old you are or where you live. Affectation is kind of pathetic. Live your life on your own terms!!Meh....what "hipsters" think are new, exciting and world changing - like making your own furniture, grinding and roasting your own coffee, knitting socks, buying boots that last longer than a fashions season, growing (gasp) your own herbs and vegetables, people have been doing in other places for much longer and not because those people thought it was 'kewl' but because they had to. Talk to your grandparents. When making dresses from actual flour sacks wasn't tres chic but of necessity during the Great Depression. Hipsters and their ilk inhabiting Brooklyn, Portland and other hip cities elsewhere have taken what are otherwise normal activities and monetized and marketed them into 'artisanal' and 'heirloom' activities or commodities and then package and sell them to other hipsters trustifarians and upper-class poshers. Precious? Unique? Kewl? Creative? Nah...if anything this entire scene and Brooklyn have jumped the shark with too much self-important earnestness.It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.It will never cease to bother me that Williamsburg--and, thus, "hipster"--has become a shorthand way of describing our entire borough.I'm so sad about this article.<br/><br/>Hip hop was about rebellion, both economic but more cultural. It was predominately the African American community saying, "We are relevant.  We have a different take on things than the majority does.  Walk with us.  See what we see.  You'll agree."<br/><br/>What I was hoping to glean from this article was what is the hipster movement all about.  What is the point?  What's the message?  It seems to be a movement in search of a purpose.  But I could be wrong.  What is the purpose?<br/><br/>It is rebellion from the anti-septic post industrial age through the grittiness of life?  Or am I over reading it?  Right now it just seems to be a bunch of outdated rituals resurrected, i.e. the abattoir.  It seems to be a bunch of college educated people playing at being homegrown and blue collar while nothing could be farther from the truth.  <br/><br/>What is hipsterism about???Every generation has its "in" thing.  In my early years (1940s and early '50s) the place was Greenwich Village and we were called bohemians.  We sipped ten cent beers at San Remo's Bar and Minetta's Tavern.  If you didn't look and act as if you were connected to the arts, you were shunned.  I wouldn't have been caught dead without my artsy uniform: camel hair coat, turtle neck sweater, dangling silver earrings, Capezio shoes, and black fishnet stockings.  I was trying to look like a budding dancer, and lived in fear of being found out that I was merely a phony who lived in Queens and came over on the subway. I didn't realize it then but we were all playing make believe, young people hungry for acceptance.  Eventually we wound up in the suburbs, married and with kids, the Capezios having become chew-toys for the dog.I wonder what my father, who grew up in Brownsville and thought Pintchik Paint was height of sophistication, would think of all this.As a long ago transplanted New Yorker, I am fascinated by this change.<br/>When I was a kid, people would always get a laugh on radio shows when they said they were from Brooklyn. The Dodgers were known as "Da Bums", albeit affectionately.  Army buddies would laugh at me and ask, "Are you from Brooklyn" even though I was from Queens.<br/>Worst of all, comics and actors would pretend to be from Brooklyn and use an accent that every New Yorker recognized as being from the Bronx, not Brooklyn.<br/>Manhattan stole Brooklyn's thunder 200 years ago.  Revenge can still be sweet, even if delayed.As a life-long, avowed Manhattanite (by birth and by choice), I have to say, this article is hilarious.  What is so confounding about the last 15 years of this "Brooklynism" is that not very many, if any, of the locals venture beyond Bushwick and Red Hook to know what else Kings County has to offer: Spumoni Gardens in Bensonhurst for Grandma Pies, Mona Lisa Bakery and La Vela in Dycker Heights, and yes, even Nathan's for a classic hot dog on the Coney Island Boardwalk.  Or how about some good, old fashioned borscht in Little Odessa?  Sometimes it seems to me these Hipsters and their lifestyle is a conscious reaction to being priced out of the Lower East Side after it, too, gentrified (remember the diversity of Orthodox Jews, Chinese and Puerto Ricans?) and having to relocate to the first stop off the L in Williamsburg.  Where this artisanal, back-to-the-earth, overpriced LL Bean &amp; Filson wardrobe came from, I don't know. But there is a snob factor at play when you walk along Bedford and N 11th to the Wythe.  Hipsters, remember this: no matter what you do, you will always come back to Manhattan. On the L.  Everyone does.Thank you for making my Thursday brighter! Hilarious and true. As someone who lived in brooklyn for 5 years (10 years ago) its always entertaining to see how the Brooklyn aesthetic has been exported around even to central VA !I have to agree that Portland is far more hip than this new East Coast wannabe. The main difference is that Portland kept its unassuming and innocent qualities while Brooklyn appears to be trying too hard to acquire the the hipster feel. What feels natural in Portland feels forced and artificial in Brooklyn.Much like the Tao, if we are speaking of it, we are speaking of something other than it.If you genuinely wanted an article about Williamsburg, why didn't you have someone who actually lives in Williamsburg write one?  You can't tell me none of your reporters live there.  What you got instead is something that maybe belongs in the Travel section: 48 Hours in Williamsburg.  By a tourist from Manhattan.  Ha.  Ha.Painfully naive and patronizing.Bohemian? Hip?  This article is about shopping. I remember hip as being mostly unaware of consumer obsessions while viewing it as mostly pathetic.Wow. The mean age of the Times editorial board is really showing through here. I can sum up this entire article as, "Look! Young people with college degrees!!!" I'm curious if the Times ever ran tongue in cheek writeups on the hippies in the late 60's, early 70's. I'm really not sure what is trying to be achieved here. I think they should stick to fear mongering about head injuries in the NFL and how ADHD medications are the work of the devil.This article has nothing to do with a true Brooklyn experience, and the businesses he profiles are all newcomers to the neighborhood. sigh.<br/><br/>We old-timers avoid Bedford on the weekends, as it has become a parade of tourists, wannabees and poseurs... similar to the author of the piece who thinks he has to play expensive dress-up to make his wayWelcome to the Northwest. All we're missing is are nude waitresses, although there -was- a joint here that tried serving salads using the shrink-wrap-clad midriff of a semi-nude girl as a serving platter. Let me know when you get one of those.This piece is couple years late, really. Cracking on the hipsters as they say in the urban vernacular, "Is played out."Oh, it is a harmless new style of consumpsion. Hipsters are not edgy. Funny article.My sons are both in their early 20s, and the oldest lives in Brooklyn. He went to an Ivy League school, as did all of his friends. While some have well paying jobs, most are just scraping along. They may not actually have to shop at the Salvation Army, but it does make things easier when rents are so high, and student loans are astronomical! <br/><br/>These young people do not have the opportunities we had in the 80s, as far as the job market. So they are going back to basics. Simple bikes, not 5000 dollar carbon bikes, growing their own food, flannel shirts. Upcycling on free cycle.  I love their practicality and courage in the face of which might be a bleak future. <br/><br/>My husband and I live on 40 acres upstate, and my nephew actually wants to leave the city, move upstate and turn our wooded land into a working farm! Necessity is the mother of invention, as we know, and these kids are reinventing what their lives look like, and what to expect - work boots, roof gardens, the subway and simple bikes, instead of designer bags, Manolo Blahnik shoes, BMWs, and 100 dollar haircuts. Bravo to them, for being the most clear sighted generation in America today!The New York Times continually showcases and celebrates a mostly white, hipster culture in various cities at the expense of other cultures with long historical roots. Only the new, locavore restaurants are featured in travel articles, and yet despite the supposed emphasis on the "local" the symbols of gentrification receive all the attention over the people and businesses that have been holding the city together and making it unique. In doing so, the Times is one of the worst offenders in the cultural imperialism that makes everybody angry about gentrification.It's not hipster to talk about how much you paid for things. (the Monsanto comment was pretty funny though)why would so many people want to look exactly alike? I'll never get it. Sooo contrived and silly.Oy these comments - you New Yorkers really need to get over yourselves.It's not cool or authentic if it's all just about buying and selling things or looking like or seeming like.  Maybe some Parisians think Brooklyn is cool, but the rest of the USA doesn't.  Brooklyn has just become synonymous in the USA with pretentious and overpriced simulacrums of earnest labor and creativity.  You might as well call Williamsburg "Little Portland" or "Little Cambridge" or "Little Berkeley" or "Little Austin" or "Little Omaha" or "Little Cleveland"   because those places were actually forging the ethos  that Brooklyn Hipsters are emulating and polluting with their overpriced nonsenses.Except that the Burg is so ovah. True hipsterism resides in Bushwick. As someone else said, this article is easily 10 years too late.Henry, sorry to say this, but you still look square!  It's like hunters who don camo smocks and duck hats... the real ducks know what's fake among their midst!<br/><br/>I think its the approach... hipsters don't try hard, it reads here like you were trying too hard... "Mumford &amp; Sons look?  Really?"Thanks for this beautiful generous piece. For the few of us outside of Brooklyn, this provides a help, like Larousse in the 70s.I'm suprised no mention is made of American Spirits! Or Hestia Tobacco?In my modest experience, this sort of attention marks the peak of popularity. Hipness is only hip because it changes often. Branding chases it.Brooklyn has really more to offer than just Williamsburg and Bushwick. Cinton Hill, Fort Greene and BedStuy are much hipper in my opinion and not everyone has to wear a beard, boots and a tattoos in order to fit in.You CANNOT lay this frippery at the feet of Portland! There were hipsters in the boroughs while Oregon was still the Oregon Territory! Bah!This is hilarious!!!<br/>Longtime wbg inhabitant, all you said is true!!! Williamsburg is awesome and a bit ridiculous.(An aside here: I think the photographs in this piece are unusually good.)this isn't cool, its mainstream. this "hipster" look is mass conformity and is seen on the streets of virtually every city. sorry.This article gave me such a good laugh! Brooklyn sounds fabulous, and I agree with you on today's youth. I'm happy knowing they'll be in charge in 20 years.tres kewl."Agrarian-seeming".  Yes, that nails it.  Poseurs, self-absorbed children, these hipsters are presenting themselves as originals, while actually just being contrarians.<br/><br/>Not that there's anything wrong with that.  It's just a different wrapper younger people are putting on, like the flower children, hippies, and freaks of the 60's.<br/><br/>Same as it ever was.San Francisco's Haight, slumbering for a generation, has been reborn in Brooklyn.  Please say doobies are the spots of glue that hold the culture together.  All Hail!Regardless of the other aspects of the hipster scene, please drop the "fixie" nonsense.  A totally impracticable device with no real value on the streets.<br/><br/>Oh, you mean that the fixie craze was never about practicality?True story: Shopping in a Williamsburg boutique, I fell in love with a pair of leather boots. I asked the salesperson: "Are these locally made?" Her reply: 'No. They're made in Manhattan." Brooklyn, aka Locavore City.This makes me angry and disappointed that something like this would come from the Times. Generalizing and stereotyping a demographic, even in the spirit of good-natured barbing, is at best insulting to those you are stuffing into a category - and potentially dangerous as you are fanning a certain spiteful contempt. To the TImes: why do you continue this spiteful coverage about your fellow New Yorkers? Pick on another group. Actually, please don't.Enough already. Seriously. We get it. Beards, artesinal Swiss chard, fixies, craft beer. Stop. Please.I realize this is merely an inane failed attempt at humor, but as a longtime resident of Williamsburg who's decades older than the author, I'm annoyed at how he totally misses the wonderful stuff in Williamsburg today, open to people of all ages, ethnicities, and degrees of hipness.  What about the visual art, theater, dance, film, community centers, great restaurants besides Roberta's (terrific, but it's definitely in Bushwick and the article is titled "Will.i.amsburg"), views of the East River and Manhattan at the waterfront, quirky local stores that cater to all kinds of people (Crest Hardware with its annual art show, the comic book store Desert Island, the amazing Metro Laundromat -- and that's just on one block of Metropolitan).<br/><br/>Obviously I'm overreacting, but people who grew up there and people who moved in just last year love the neighborhood and are tired of these Times articles by clueless people who have no understanding of Brooklyn and don't seem interested in learning about it.<br/><br/>Shallow and unfunny.This has to be the definitive story on Brooklyn. It's brilliant.Hilariously, yet subtly cynical. This precisely illustrates the ambivalent, slightly contemptuous attitude the older generation has toward the heartbreakingly earnest, yet misguided younger generation. You can't help but have some affection for the poor dears.The main problem with this article is that it only looks at this relatively new "brooklyn culture" from the perspective of vapid materialism.  Instead of focusing on the crap you spent money on, it would have been nice to discuss some of the personalities you came across, and focus more on the ideas and lifestyles that are bubbling up in this scene.  As a resident of these neighborhoods you're talking about I can acknowledge that there are plenty of price tags associated with the looks and flavors; but the real joy of living here or spending time here doesn't come from how you spend your money, but from the interactions and energies that are shared amongst residents and visitors.<br/><br/>In addition to the many interesting stores and restaurants, there are many communities of artists, musicians, writers, builders, designers, etc who are bonding together to support one another through the creation of interesting work and ideas.  That is really what is at the heart of this culture.  All these businesses that surround it are the effect of this, but not really it's core.Um what year is it?  1999?  2001?  These people and what this man is experiencing is "Post-Hipster".  I don't understand how anyone could consider the girls on the silly HBO "Girls" to even be Hipsters.  They are so mainstream - so are all these people, so what makes them Hipsters?Sorry, "this NEW(?) eco-conscious, agrarian-seeming, hair-celebrating nexus of locavorism???"<br/><br/>So, in 2013, an "avowed Manhattanite" explores the parodic stereotypes of Williamsburg hipsters, is a parodic stereotype himself, and passes it off as something new. Now, that's some hipster irony.Thanks, that was hilar.  Obviously, things have changed in a big way since I left NYC in '93.didn't this joke end like, 4 years ago?" so many of the components of the Brooklyn movement were being done to less fanfare in Portland a decade earlier, it?s important to sympathize with that Oregonian precursor. Portland is the Lorna Luft to Brooklyn?s Liza."<br/><br/>If Portland -- one decade ago -- is Lorna Luft, who does that make Cambridge, Mass?<br/><br/>Cambridge was this way 40 years ago!<br/><br/>~You can obviously tell a Manhattanite, but you can't tell him much.Until the last two paragraphs, this entire article proves itself meaningless - the author embraced every bit of being 'hipster' before he even stared his 'sojourn', as he obviously thinks himself much higher in worth than those who are genuinely interested in the cultural movement and activities he explored. <br/><br/>Sure, there are plenty of people who just buy a fixie or go to a butchering class because they think it's trendy, but that doesn't mean that everyone with an interest in where food comes from or in high quality cocktails should be ridiculed as part of a homogenous group.  the beauty of being a 'hipster' is that you don't NEED to explain everything you do or defend why you like something or write an article about why all other hipsters are 'ridic'. <br/><br/>If you have you do that, then you're missing the point.Love this piece.  "Energizes and propels me in the manner of a water melon seed pinched between two fingers" is a simile worthy of Wodehouse!Never thought I'd post this on the NYTimes site, but....<br/><br/>LOLPretty funny, yest somewhat "precious.""First I needed to outfit myself. H. W. Carter and Sons"<br/><br/>[smirks]<br/><br/>Total maj. faux pas. A true hipster goes to Salvation Army; Goodwill; and garage sales.Slightly paraphrasing Martin Gardner, there is no conformist like a twentysomething non-conformist.