I needed some time to emotional love someone else. But I think I let you slip by too easily.
The energy rushes through my body to finally sy something to you.
It's only worth reading if your the actually person this I'm searching for. 
Why didn't I said something anyways well I'm not from nyc I just moved here after my last relationship , people seems to be a bit mean. (this isn't a excuse but you know)
Like a Lady That Knowz How to go about Getting What She Wants & ainn t to Scared about Taking It When Neccessary......
Hopefully I hadn't weirded you out by looking your way so much. And I'm kind of bad at approaching strangers
This probably won't work but I was staring at you and you were staring at me. I would really like to become friends, maybe more :)
You are so very pretty and soft. Really mad at myself for not trying. I have a great job and would luv to take you out.
We locked eyes a few times. You're super cute, and I'd love to hangout sometime. Tell me who I was with, or what I was wearing. ; - )
It felt like we kept sneaking glances at each other, and we both smiled at each other a few times, but I totally blew it and didn't strike up a conversation with you. And if you see this and aren't interested then at least know that you made one guy's day. You are super cute!
i love the nose ring :)
"You must have a very interesting occupation."You asked me this, unprompted, When I asked why, you said 
You were clearly with your girlfriend (and another couple) but I couldn't stop looking at you. You were seated at a table kind of behind me and probably noticed me staring.  If you see this, please reply.
I thought you were really cute, and I wanted to hang out with you there, but I had to meet my friend before I missed her... Email me. Lets meet up :) 
Your boss loves you. Sounds crazy, we've gotten pretty close. Told each other a lot. I'm falling in love with you, but don't want to screw up our working situation. 
I'm twice your age, and we come from two different worlds. I'm pretty sure this is mutual. Time to get it on.
We hit it off immediately. You have my cell. Ive been thinking of you non-stop since you left my place later that night. We need to do that again and again. We went back to my place and I told you I never do that - and I dont.
You are so pretty and I so regret not coming back to tell you that.
You were very charming and friendly. You would remember me - we spoke about college and work. We seem to have some things in common. I usually don't use craigslist but I'm painfully shy and would have loved to have given you my number. I'd like to get to know you... :)
Never posted here before, but you're a real cute one. have to say- i'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I think you noticed me. I am ready for a change. Very discreet and a lot of fun. Let me kow the name of the hotel in your reply.
Long shot for sure, but your gesture was as lovely as your smile. - the true generosity of New York on an otherwise ordinary Thursday morning. On the off chance you read this, your reply with a simple confirmatory description earns a thank you for the cold air drink on me.
I have a special mission for an adventurous type. Help me build a little romantic mystery. Deliver a romantic anonymous note from a secret admirer to a very special woman. Contact me and we can go over the details. 
We looked at each other a few times. I couldn't help staring at you and maybe you were just wondering what the hell I was staring at. Or maybe you liked what you saw as well. If you read this - pls get in touch.
You looked beautiful sitting on the bench, but indifferent to the beautiful spring day. When you smiled it only made me want to get you alone and strip all of your other defenses away.
hey guy - we met, played a bit - but wanted to do more (or at least I did) this is total longshot let me know about mw, where I live so I know its you
found it hard to concentrate on the conversation at hand, as you were the best sort of distraction I could imagine. 
I couldn't keep my eyes off you, my friends noticed that they no longer had my attention. Although I felt as though I had been staring for far too long, I didn't care. I'd catch you looking at me too, exchanging what I'd hoped were more than accidental glances from across the room. The entire interaction felt like more than coincidence or chance, as if we had already known eachother.
Million Man! Where are you? Need to talk! You or family members! Please contact!
I smiled at that, thank you - losing my religion is something I never wanted to do. So, raise your hands to heaven and pray... 
You've been treading water for YEARS; follow my guiding light, drop anchor and we'll leave our lonely islands.
We worked together for a few years. Looking to reach out to some old friends. If you see this please contact me.
I just want to say I miss you. I really do. I don't know what ever happened between us and how we lost contact. 
I just want to talk to you and work out the problems we had and whatever caused you to drop off the face of the earth. 
I want and need you back in my life and it has been too long since we spoke. Just give it a chance for us to talk and at least become friends again. 
Is like the bright city lights under the crescent star lights. Shines the brightest in the darkest night time. 
When you are feeling troubled and lost, I will be there.
I am just looking for company.
Wish I could spend some time alone with you.
When you can't someone else can that isn't overly demanding.
Good Morning Safe journey home. I love you.
I will always be intoxicated by your scent, marvel at your eyes and tempted by your smile. 
If you will always love me the way I will always love you, then tell me. 
Tell me you're willing to take the big risk with me.
no one is like you, you are everything…
I lost touch with you long ago! my mom would not have it! You in trouble with the law me her baby she wanted to protect as long as possible! Well I wish we ended up together ¬ have THAT gaze into each others eyes broken by chaos that tore us apart!!
yes, I do
Most of the time, I pretend to be impenetrable. Then there are some days, like today - technically yesterday - when I saw you. my heart melted.
In my proudest moment ever, I stopped you and told you were beautiful, but then my nervousness caught up to me and I jetted out of there way too quickly. I would've loved to talk just a little bit more.
I'd like to see you again. Hopefully, you respond.
procrastination. Is killing our relationship. Do you care?
Holla homie if this u we would pop off real good on some low shit. holla
You are and always will be the love of my life. 
We always talk, but I don't know how to tell you That I like you alot and want to have sex with you so bad. Please answer this 