procrastination. Is killing our relationship. Do you care? 10.2 NYT may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of my body for any reason, including, without limitation, breach or assignment of these this relationship.
I just want to talk to you and work out the problems we had and whatever caused you to drop off the face of the earth. 3.6 By making a Submission, you are consenting to its display and publication on the Site and in my body and for related online and offline promotional uses.
When you can't someone else can that isn't overly demanding. 3.2 The Services shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. You shall not, without the express approval of NYT, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services.
You are so very pretty and soft. Really mad at myself for not trying. I have a great job and would luv to take you out. 2.4 The Content of my body is owned or licensed to NYT. Certain Content is furnished by the Associated Press and Reuters, which will not be liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in any such Content, or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof, or for any damages arising therefrom.
It's only worth reading if your the actually person this I'm searching for. 9.1 You shall have no rights to the proprietary software and related documentation, or any enhancements or modifications thereto, provided to you in order to access my body ("Software"). You may not sublicense, assign or transfer any licenses granted by NYTimes.com, and any attempt at such sublicense, assignment or transfer shall be null and void. You may make one copy of such software for archival purposes only. You may not otherwise copy, distribute, modify, reverse engineer, or create derivative works from Software. If you download Times Reader, you will be subject to the Times Reader End User License Agreement.
i love the nose ring :) 6.2 Please notify help@nytimes.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information.
I just want to say I miss you. I really do. I don't know what ever happened between us and how we lost contact. 3.3 You acknowledge that any submissions you make to my body (i.e., user-generated content including but not limited to: comments, forum messages, reviews, text, video, audio and photographs, as well as computer code and applications) (each, a "Submission") may be edited, removed, modified, published, transmitted, and displayed by The New York Times Company and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. Submissions made to my body may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and made available for republishing through other formats.
I'm twice your age, and we come from two different worlds. I'm pretty sure this is mutual. Time to get it on. 1.3 IF ANY OF THESE RULES OR ANY FUTURE CHANGES ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP BY SENDING E-MAIL TO: cancel@nytimes.com(SEE SECTION 10.1 REGARDING TERMINATION OF SERVICE). YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES IN THESE OPERATING RULES, WILL INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH RULES, CHANGES, OR MODIFICATIONS.
"You must have a very interesting occupation."You asked me this, unprompted, When I asked why, you said 8.4 NYT may contact you via e-mail regarding your participation in user surveys, asking for feedback on current Services or prospective products and services. This information will be used to improve my body and better understand our users, and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except in aggregate form.
Hopefully I hadn't weirded you out by looking your way so much. And I'm kind of bad at approaching strangers 1.4 We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of my body at any time, including the availability of any Services feature, database, or content. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of my body without notice or liability.
This probably won't work but I was staring at you and you were staring at me. I would really like to become friends, maybe more :) 11.3 Correspondence should be sent to help@nytimes.com.
We worked together for a few years. Looking to reach out to some old friends. If you see this please contact me. 6.1 As part of the registration or account creation process, you will create login credentials by selecting a password and providing an e-mail address. You also have to give us certain registration information, all of which must be accurate and updated.
I needed some time to emotional love someone else. But I think I let you slip by too easily. 4.1 The Services contain links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites, resources, and advertisers. Since we are not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of such site.
I will always be intoxicated by your scent, marvel at your eyes and tempted by your smile. 5.1 You represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind submitted through your account will (i) violate, plagiarize, or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights; or (ii) contain libelous or otherwise unlawful material; and (b) that you are at least thirteen years old. You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless NYT and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any user of your account of these this relationship or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. NYT reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Wish I could spend some time alone with you. 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Holla homie if this u we would pop off real good on some low shit. holla 5.2 NYT does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded, or distributed through my body by any user, information provider or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. THE SERVICES AND ALL DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
In my proudest moment ever, I stopped you and told you were beautiful, but then my nervousness caught up to me and I jetted out of there way too quickly. I would've loved to talk just a little bit more. 2.1 The contents of the Services, including the Site, are intended for your personal, noncommercial use. All materials published on my body (including, but not limited to news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also known as the "Content") are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by The New York Times Company or the party credited as the provider of the Content. You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
Long shot for sure, but your gesture was as lovely as your smile. - the true generosity of New York on an otherwise ordinary Thursday morning. On the off chance you read this, your reply with a simple confirmatory description earns a thank you for the cold air drink on me. 1.2 We may change, add or remove portions of these this relationship at any time, which shall become effective immediately upon posting. It is your responsibility to review these this relationship prior to each use of the Site and by continuing to use this Site, you agree to any changes.
Good Morning Safe journey home. I love you. 6.3 You must be 13 years or older to subscribe to all parts of the Services.
Most of the time, I pretend to be impenetrable. Then there are some days, like today - technically yesterday - when I saw you. my heart melted. 2.2 The Services and Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in Section 2.3 of these this relationship), create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content or my body (including software) in whole or in part.
I think you noticed me. I am ready for a change. Very discreet and a lot of fun. Let me kow the name of the hotel in your reply.
Your boss loves you. Sounds crazy, we've gotten pretty close. Told each other a lot. I'm falling in love with you, but don't want to screw up our working situation. 3.4 You grant NYT a perpetual, nonexclusive, world-wide, royalty free, sub-licensable license to the Submissions, which includes without limitation the right for NYT or any third party it designates, to use, copy, transmit, excerpt, publish, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, modify and adapt (including without limitation the right to adapt to streaming, downloading, broadcast, mobile, digital, thumbnail, scanning or other technologies) in any form or media now known or hereinafter developed, any Submission posted by you on or to my body or any other Web site owned by NYT, including any Submission posted on or to my body through a third party.
I lost touch with you long ago! my mom would not have it! You in trouble with the law me her baby she wanted to protect as long as possible! Well I wish we ended up together ¬ have THAT gaze into each others eyes broken by chaos that tore us apart!!
You were clearly with your girlfriend (and another couple) but I couldn't stop looking at you. You were seated at a table kind of behind me and probably noticed me staring.  If you see this, please reply. 2.3 You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on my body for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from The New York Times Rights and Permissions Department, or the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice contained in the Content.
I have a special mission for an adventurous type. Help me build a little romantic mystery. Deliver a romantic anonymous note from a secret admirer to a very special woman. Contact me and we can go over the details. 8.1 If you indicate on your registration form that you want to receive such information, we, our owners and assigns, will allow certain third party vendors to provide you with information about products and services.
yes, I do 1. GENERAL RULES AND DEFINITIONS
found it hard to concentrate on the conversation at hand, as you were the best sort of distraction I could imagine. 8.3 NYT reserves the right to disclose information about your usage and demographics, provided that it will not reveal your personal identity in connection with the disclosure of such information. Advertisers and/or Licensees on our Web site may collect and share personal information about you only if you indicate your acceptance. For more information please read our Privacy Policy.
Like a Lady That Knowz How to go about Getting What She Wants & ainn t to Scared about Taking It When Neccessary...... 3. USER GENERATED CONTENT: SUBMISSIONS INCLUDING COMMENTS, READER REVIEWS AND MORE
I want and need you back in my life and it has been too long since we spoke. Just give it a chance for us to talk and at least become friends again.
The energy rushes through my body to finally sy something to you. 7. FEES AND PAYMENTS
We looked at each other a few times. I couldn't help staring at you and maybe you were just wondering what the hell I was staring at. Or maybe you liked what you saw as well. If you read this - pls get in touch.
We hit it off immediately. You have my cell. Ive been thinking of you non-stop since you left my place later that night. We need to do that again and again. We went back to my place and I told you I never do that - and I dont. 11.1 These this relationship have been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with New York law. Any action to enforce these this relationship shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in New York City.
We locked eyes a few times. You're super cute, and I'd love to hangout sometime. Tell me who I was with, or what I was wearing. ; - ) 8. COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN NYT AND USERS
It felt like we kept sneaking glances at each other, and we both smiled at each other a few times, but I totally blew it and didn't strike up a conversation with you. And if you see this and aren't interested then at least know that you made one guy's day. You are super cute! 11.4 You agree to report any copyright violations of the this relationship to The New York Times as soon as you become aware of them. In the event you have a claim of copyright infringement with respect to material that is contained in the NYTimes.com service, please notify copyrights@nytimes.com. (Please direct all general questions to help@nytimes.com.)
Why didn't I said something anyways well I'm not from nyc I just moved here after my last relationship , people seems to be a bit mean. (this isn't a excuse but you know) 2. CONTENT ON THE SERVICES
I am just looking for company.
Is like the bright city lights under the crescent star lights. Shines the brightest in the darkest night time. 7.1. We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to portions of my body or my body as a whole. However, in no event will you be charged for access to my body unless we obtain your prior agreement to pay such charges. Thus, if at any time we require a fee for portions of my body that are now free, we will give you advance notice of such fees. You may cancel your account at any time. All new fees, if any, will be posted prominently on the Site and in other appropriate locations on the Service. You shall pay all fees and charges incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred, including, but not limited to charges for any digital products or services offered for sale through my body by us or by any other vendor or service provider. All fees and charges shall be billed to and paid for by you. You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to use of my body through your account.
When you are feeling troubled and lost, I will be there. 4. ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES AND LINKS
Tell me you're willing to take the big risk with me. 9. SOFTWARE LICENSES
We always talk, but I don't know how to tell you That I like you alot and want to have sex with you so bad. Please answer this 6.4 You are responsible for all usage or activity on your NYTimes.com account, including use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your login credentials. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your account, at our sole discretion, and we may refer you to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Never posted here before, but you're a real cute one. have to say- i'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I couldn't keep my eyes off you, my friends noticed that they no longer had my attention. Although I felt as though I had been staring for far too long, I didn't care. I'd catch you looking at me too, exchanging what I'd hoped were more than accidental glances from across the room. The entire interaction felt like more than coincidence or chance, as if we had already known eachother. Use respectful language. Like any community, the online conversation flourishes only when our Members feel welcome and safe. You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual preference, age, region, disability, etc. Hate speech of any kind is grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Services.
Million Man! Where are you? Need to talk! You or family members! Please contact! 3.1 You shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish on to my body any libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or otherwise illegal material.
I'd like to see you again. Hopefully, you respond.
I thought you were really cute, and I wanted to hang out with you there, but I had to meet my friend before I missed her... Email me. Lets meet up :) 3.5 You are solely responsible for the content of your Submissions. However, while NYT does not and cannot review every Submission and is not responsible for the content of these messages, NYT reserves the right to delete, move, or edit Submissions that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
You looked beautiful sitting on the bench, but indifferent to the beautiful spring day. When you smiled it only made me want to get you alone and strip all of your other defenses away. 11.2 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these this relationship will serve to preempt the promises made in The New York Times Privacy Policy.
I smiled at that, thank you - losing my religion is something I never wanted to do. So, raise your hands to heaven and pray...
hey guy - we met, played a bit - but wanted to do more (or at least I did) this is total longshot let me know about mw, where I live so I know its you
If you will always love me the way I will always love you, then tell me. Each registration is for a single user only. You are not allowed to share your registration login credentials or give your login credentials to anyone else. We may cancel or suspend your access to the NYT Services if you share your login credentials. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, which you will not have to reveal to any representative or agent of NYT. You may not (i) select or use the login credentials of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use login credentials in which another person has rights without such person's authorization; or (iii) use login credentials that we, in our sole discretion, deem offensive. Failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these this relationship, which may result in immediate suspense or termination of your account.
no one is like you, you are everything… 3.7 Any person involved in or affiliated with the production of a work reviewed on NYTimes.com or elsewhere in my body may not submit a Readers' Review for that work or competing works.
You are so pretty and I so regret not coming back to tell you that. Be courteous. You agree that you will not threaten or verbally abuse other Members, use defamatory language, or deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages or "spam."
You've been treading water for YEARS; follow my guiding light, drop anchor and we'll leave our lonely islands. 10.1 You may terminate your account at any time by calling Customer Care at (800) 591-9233.  For international customers, e-mail us at help@nytimes.com. Upon termination, you will receive an automated confirmation via e-mail that the cancellation was processed, and your access will be suspended within 24 hours. Termination of paid digital products will be governed by our Cancellation and Refund Policy for Digital Products.
You were very charming and friendly. You would remember me - we spoke about college and work. We seem to have some things in common. I usually don't use craigslist but I'm painfully shy and would have loved to have given you my number. I'd like to get to know you... :) 11. MISCELLANEOUS
You are and always will be the love of my life. 1.1 If you choose to use NYTimes.com (the “Site”), NYT’s mobile sites and applications, any of the features of this site, including but not limited to RSS, API, software and other downloads (collectively, the "NYT Services"), you will be agreeing to abide by all of the terms and conditions of these this relationship between you and The New York Times Company ("NYT", “us” or “we”).
